Recipe link: Braised & Deglazed .
This enticing smoked salmon toast, accompanied by delicate soft-boiled eggs, presents a delightful, lively, and show-stopping dish that's effortlessly achievable for a Mother's Day brunch extravaganza.
My personal ace up the sleeve in this recipe is the homemade pea puree, which imparts a burst of refreshing spring essence to every bite.
Ingredients:

2 pc bread
2 tbsp pea puree
2-4 slices smoked salmon
2 pc large eggs
1 pc lemon, zested
1-2 tbsp fresh peas (optional)
a few sprigs of fresh dill
a small bag of mixed greens
extra virgin olive oil for garnish
freshly cracked black pepper
Maldon sea salt (optional)
softened butter (optional)

​
Instructions

Fill a small pot of water high enough to submerge two eggs completely. Bring to a boil.
Once the water boils, gently lift the eggs into the water using a spoon. Set a timer for 6 minutes *(see notes!).
After the timer goes off, drain the water and run the pan under cold water for 30 seconds to stop the eggs from cooking further.
Crack the eggs at the bottom and carefully peel the eggs. Cut in quarters and season with sea salt and black pepper.
Pick out the most beautiful herbs and salad leaves from your salad mix.
Using your hands, tear them into bite-sized pieces. Soak them in a bowl of cold water for 5 minutes and then allow them to dry on a paper towel.
Cook the fresh peas briefly in boiling salted water until tender. Drain, rinse quickly in cold water and reserve in a small bowl.
Cut the salmon into thinner pieces using scissors.
Toast the bread until crispy around the edges and butter both of them.
Spread a generous amount of the pea puree on the buttered toast.
Add the quartered eggs, then wrap the smoked salmon pieces around the eggs.
Garnish with the lettuce, herbs, fresh peas, a few cracks of black pepper, a little zest of lemon rind (using the Microplane), Maldon salt and olive oil.

Notes
If you have really sweet fresh peas, you can serve them raw, but quick-cooking them is usually the better option.
If you’re cooking eggs straight from your fridge, then 6 minutes + 30 seconds will be better. For eggs stored at room temperature (like here in Europe) 6 minutes is perfect. These times are for large eggs. If you have smaller eggs then you’ll need to cut back on the cooking time.
