Recipe here originally: Duck Dumplings
I based this recipe off my duck egg roll recipe which I've made several times now, and it's always a huge hit. I made a few modifications to the filling based on ingredients I had readily available, but the filling is fantastic, with or without mushrooms.
You can also use a rotisserie chicken from the grocery store - just make sure you finely chop it.
Roast duck:

4–5 pound duck; giblets, neck, and feet reserved for another use
1 orange, quartered
Salt and pepper

Filling:

2-inch piece of ginger, peeled and minced
4 cloves garlic, peeled and minced
3 scallions, trimmed and minced
2 Thai chili peppers, trimmed and minced
2 tablespoons hoisin sauce
2 tablespoons thin soy sauce
1–2 tablespoons sweet chili sauce, optional, to taste
½ orange, juiced
Salt, if needed

Dumplings:

24–28 dumpling wrappers
Sliced scallion greens, optional, for garnish
Water

Sauce:

⅓ cup black vinegar
1–2 teaspoons chili oil
1 teaspoon sesame oil
1 teaspoon sesame seeds

Prepare the duck:

Preheat the oven to 350ºF.
Line a roasting pan with foil. Place a raised rack in the pan and set aside.
Pat the duck dry and season it all over with salt and pepper.
Stuff the cavity with the orange wedges. Truss the legs with kitchen twine.

Roast the duck:

Place the duck on top of the raised rack and transfer it to the oven for 2 hours.
Remove the duck from the oven. Using a sharp knife, create a few shallow slits in the skin across the breast and around the thighs. This will allow the fat to fully render. Be careful not to cut the meat too much. You just need 6–8 slits all over the duck, particularly around the fatty area of the legs and breasts.
Return the duck to the oven for 1 hour.
Remove the duck from the oven and let cool as you prepare the filling.

Prepare the filling:

Gather the minced ginger, garlic, scallions, and Thai chili peppers in a bowl. Add the hoisin sauce, soy sauce, orange juice, and sweet chili sauce if you like.

Shred the duck:

Once the duck is cool enough to handle, pick the meat from the bones. Avoid any meat that feels very sinewy. You can keep as much of the crispy skin as you like for the dumplings, particularly the skin around the breasts, thighs, and legs. I discard the skin on the back of the duck. Reserve the carcass for stock, if you like.
Place the meat and skin on a cutting board and finely dice. Transfer to the bowl of aromatics and toss to combine. Taste and adjust the seasonings to your preference. Your filling is finished, and you're ready to make dumplings!

Fold the dumplings:

First, get a small bowl of water and place it on your workstation.
Place a heaping teaspoon of filling in the middle of the dumpling wrapper.
Wet the edges with water and fold the dumpling in half. Pinch the edges to seal the dumpling closed into a half-moon shape.
You can crimp and pinch the edges as you seal it, but it takes practice!

Steam, pan-fry, or deep fry the dumplings:

To steam: fill your steamer pot with water and place the rack on top. Place a liner on top. Bring the water to a boil and arrange the dumplings on top. Reduce heat to medium, cover, and steam for 10 minutes.
To pan-fry: Dip the bottoms of the dumplings into the water just to coat the bottom, then dip into a bowl of sesame seeds to evenly coat the bottom. Heat vegetable oil in a skillet over medium-high. Add the dumplings, sesame seed side down, and cook without moving for 1 minute. Pour in ¼ cup water and cover immediately. Cook for 3–4 minutes. Remove the lid and fry for an additional minute or so.
To deep-fry: Heat a few inches of oil in a large pot until the oil reaches 330ºF. Add dumplings in batches and deep-fry for 3–4 minutes. Transfer to a paper towel-lined plate.

To serve:

Make the sauce by whisking together the black vinegar, chili oil, sesame oil, and sesame seeds. Place the sauce in a small bowl in the middle of a serving platter. Arrange the dumplings around the sauce and garnish with sliced scallions. Enjoy!

