Pad mee korat is a spicy version of pad Thai, and it's the ultimate comfort food for any day of the week!
Recipe: https://hungryinthailand.com/recipe/pad-mee-korat/
INGREDIENTS
•2 cloves garlic (chopped)
•3 shallots (chopped)
•1⁄3 cup palm sugar (chop to measure)
•3 tablespoons fish sauce
•3 tablespoons tamarind sauce
•2 tablespoons soybean paste
•1⁄2 teaspoon dried chili flakes
•1⁄2 tablespoon black soy sauce
•2 cups water
•12 ounces pork (bacon, fresh, unsalted)
•7 ounces bean sprouts
•18 ounces dry rice noodles
•3 green onions (chopped)
INSTRUCTIONS

Stir-fry the bacon until cooked through, and the fat begins to separate from the bacon. When cooked through, remove bacon from the pan but keep the fat. If using any other kind of protein, use 2 tablespoons cooking oil.
Stir-fry garlic and shallots for 20 sec, or until golden.
Add soybean paste, dark soy sauce, tamarind sauce, fish sauce, palm sugar, and dried chili flakes. Stir and mix well until palm sugar is fully dissolved.
Add water and bring to a simmer.
Once simmering, add the noodles and gently mix with the sauce to prevent the noodles from breaking apart.
Add the bacon to your pan and mix well with the noodles.
Toss in bean sprouts and green onions just to mix. Serve immediately.

Both chicken and shrimp work great as well!
Pad mee korat is a spicy version of pad Thai, and it's the ultimate comfort food for any day of the week!
Recipe: https://hungryinthailand.com/recipe/pad-mee-korat/
INGREDIENTS
•2 cloves garlic (chopped)
•3 shallots (chopped)
•1⁄3 cup palm sugar (chop to measure)
•3 tablespoons fish sauce
•3 tablespoons tamarind sauce
•2 tablespoons soybean paste
•1⁄2 teaspoon dried chili flakes
•1⁄2 tablespoon black soy sauce
•2 cups water
•12 ounces pork (bacon, fresh, unsalted)
•7 ounces bean sprouts
•18 ounces dry rice noodles
•3 green onions (chopped)
INSTRUCTIONS

Stir-fry the bacon until cooked through, and the fat begins to separate from the bacon. When cooked through, remove bacon from the pan but keep the fat. If using any other kind of protein, use 2 tablespoons cooking oil.
Stir-fry garlic and shallots for 20 sec, or until golden.
Add soybean paste, dark soy sauce, tamarind sauce, fish sauce, palm sugar, and dried chili flakes. Stir and mix well until palm sugar is fully dissolved.
Add water and bring to a simmer.
Once simmering, add the noodles and gently mix with the sauce to prevent the noodles from breaking apart.
Add the bacon to your pan and mix well with the noodles.
Toss in bean sprouts and green onions just to mix. Serve immediately.

Original Recipe Here: Keema Curry
Ingredients
• 500g Minced Meat (Lamb)
• 400 ml Water
• 50 ml Oil
• 1 Onion
• 2 Tomatoes
• 3 Green Chillies
• 1 tsp Ginger Paste
• 1 tsp Garlic Paste
• 1 tsp Salt
• 1 tsp Turmeric Powder
• 1 tsp Chilli Powder
• 1 tsp Coriander Powder
• 1 tsp Cumin Powder
• 1 tsp Kashmiri Chilli
• 1 tbsp Dried Fenugreek Leaves
• 1 handful of Coriander
Instructions

Heat up the oil in a pan on medium heat until hot.
Add the finely diced onion and cook for 4-5 minutes on medium heat until softened.
Add the ginger paste, garlic paste, and chopped green chillies then sauté for a further 1-2 minutes
Add the minced meat and break apart then cook for 6-8 minutes on medium heat – Make sure there are no lumps left over.
Add the salt, chilli powder, turmeric powder, Kashmiri chilli powder, coriander powder, and cumin powder then cook the spices for 3-4 minutes.
As the spices are cooking chop the tomatoes then add to the pan and cook for 3-4 minutes.
Add the water and cover then cook for 20 minutes on medium heat.
Finally, add the chopped coriander and dried fenugreek leaves.
Serve with fresh naan bread or rice and enjoy!

How I made it?
Ingredients for 4 people:
• 1 cauliflower, about 1 medium-large head
• Extra virgin olive oil, to coat
• Sea salt
• Black pepper
• 10 small/medium sized potatoes
• ¼ cup butter
• ½ cup of Milk
• 300 grams of marinated beetroots
Recipe:

Cauliflower - Preheat oven to 200 degrees. Place cauliflower in a large mixing bowl. Pour on enough olive oil to coat, season generously with salt and pepper and toss gently until evenly coated.
Lay cauliflower pieces out on a baking sheet. Drizzle any remaining oil from the bowl on top. Bake, turning once, until caramelized on edges and tender, 25 to 30 minutes.
For mash potatoes - Boil the potatoes, after it’s boiled add salt, milk and butter and mash the everything together.
For the beetroots - Just cut it in small pieces, drizzle some oil and it’s ready.

ENJOY!
Recipe link: Braised & Deglazed .
This enticing smoked salmon toast, accompanied by delicate soft-boiled eggs, presents a delightful, lively, and show-stopping dish that's effortlessly achievable for a Mother's Day brunch extravaganza.
My personal ace up the sleeve in this recipe is the homemade pea puree, which imparts a burst of refreshing spring essence to every bite.
Ingredients:

2 pc bread
2 tbsp pea puree
2-4 slices smoked salmon
2 pc large eggs
1 pc lemon, zested
1-2 tbsp fresh peas (optional)
a few sprigs of fresh dill
a small bag of mixed greens
extra virgin olive oil for garnish
freshly cracked black pepper
Maldon sea salt (optional)
softened butter (optional)

​
Instructions

Fill a small pot of water high enough to submerge two eggs completely. Bring to a boil.
Once the water boils, gently lift the eggs into the water using a spoon. Set a timer for 6 minutes *(see notes!).
After the timer goes off, drain the water and run the pan under cold water for 30 seconds to stop the eggs from cooking further.
Crack the eggs at the bottom and carefully peel the eggs. Cut in quarters and season with sea salt and black pepper.
Pick out the most beautiful herbs and salad leaves from your salad mix.
Using your hands, tear them into bite-sized pieces. Soak them in a bowl of cold water for 5 minutes and then allow them to dry on a paper towel.
Cook the fresh peas briefly in boiling salted water until tender. Drain, rinse quickly in cold water and reserve in a small bowl.
Cut the salmon into thinner pieces using scissors.
Toast the bread until crispy around the edges and butter both of them.
Spread a generous amount of the pea puree on the buttered toast.
Add the quartered eggs, then wrap the smoked salmon pieces around the eggs.
Garnish with the lettuce, herbs, fresh peas, a few cracks of black pepper, a little zest of lemon rind (using the Microplane), Maldon salt and olive oil.

Notes
If you have really sweet fresh peas, you can serve them raw, but quick-cooking them is usually the better option.
If you’re cooking eggs straight from your fridge, then 6 minutes + 30 seconds will be better. For eggs stored at room temperature (like here in Europe) 6 minutes is perfect. These times are for large eggs. If you have smaller eggs then you’ll need to cut back on the cooking time.

8 ounces red pearl onions
1 tablespoon neutral oil
2 tablespoons plant-based butter (or use dairy if not vegan)
2 tablespoons red or white miso paste*
1 tablespoon brown sugar
2 teaspoons rice vinegar
2 teaspoons light soy sauce
1 teaspoon chili oil
1 pound asparagus, woody ends removed
Salt to taste
Sliced scallions and sesame seeds, optional, for garnish

Prep the pearl onions:

Bring a small pot of water to a boil. Once boiling, add the pearl onions and cook for 3 minutes. Drain and immediately transfer to an ice bath. Once the onions are cool to handle, carefully snip off a sliver of the root end using sharp scissors. Squeeze the top of the onion to pop the onion from its skin. Continue until all the onions are peeled.

Fry the onions:

Heat 1 tablespoon neutral oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the onions and sauté for 15 minutes, turning occasionally, until they begin to brown and soften. Season with salt.

Prepare the sauce:

Microwave 2 tablespoons plant-based butter in a bowl until melted. Add the miso paste, brown sugar, rice vinegar, light soy sauce, and chili oil and whisk until smooth. Taste and adjust the seasonings to your preference.

Cook the asparagus:

Add the asparagus spears to the skillet with the onions. Cook for 5 minutes until almost fork-tender.

Finish the miso-glazed asparagus:

Pour in the miso glaze and turn the heat to medium-high. As soon as it begins to bubble, reduce heat and simmer for 5–7 minutes or until the glaze thickens and the asparagus is fork-tender and bright green. Taste and season. Turn off the heat.

To serve:

Arrange the asparagus and red onions on a serving platter. Garnish with sesame seeds and sliced scallions. Enjoy!

Recipe here originally: Duck Dumplings
I based this recipe off my duck egg roll recipe which I've made several times now, and it's always a huge hit. I made a few modifications to the filling based on ingredients I had readily available, but the filling is fantastic, with or without mushrooms.
You can also use a rotisserie chicken from the grocery store - just make sure you finely chop it.
Roast duck:

4–5 pound duck; giblets, neck, and feet reserved for another use
1 orange, quartered
Salt and pepper

Filling:

2-inch piece of ginger, peeled and minced
4 cloves garlic, peeled and minced
3 scallions, trimmed and minced
2 Thai chili peppers, trimmed and minced
2 tablespoons hoisin sauce
2 tablespoons thin soy sauce
1–2 tablespoons sweet chili sauce, optional, to taste
½ orange, juiced
Salt, if needed

Dumplings:

24–28 dumpling wrappers
Sliced scallion greens, optional, for garnish
Water

Sauce:

⅓ cup black vinegar
1–2 teaspoons chili oil
1 teaspoon sesame oil
1 teaspoon sesame seeds

Prepare the duck:

Preheat the oven to 350ºF.
Line a roasting pan with foil. Place a raised rack in the pan and set aside.
Pat the duck dry and season it all over with salt and pepper.
Stuff the cavity with the orange wedges. Truss the legs with kitchen twine.

Roast the duck:

Place the duck on top of the raised rack and transfer it to the oven for 2 hours.
Remove the duck from the oven. Using a sharp knife, create a few shallow slits in the skin across the breast and around the thighs. This will allow the fat to fully render. Be careful not to cut the meat too much. You just need 6–8 slits all over the duck, particularly around the fatty area of the legs and breasts.
Return the duck to the oven for 1 hour.
Remove the duck from the oven and let cool as you prepare the filling.

Prepare the filling:

Gather the minced ginger, garlic, scallions, and Thai chili peppers in a bowl. Add the hoisin sauce, soy sauce, orange juice, and sweet chili sauce if you like.

Shred the duck:

Once the duck is cool enough to handle, pick the meat from the bones. Avoid any meat that feels very sinewy. You can keep as much of the crispy skin as you like for the dumplings, particularly the skin around the breasts, thighs, and legs. I discard the skin on the back of the duck. Reserve the carcass for stock, if you like.
Place the meat and skin on a cutting board and finely dice. Transfer to the bowl of aromatics and toss to combine. Taste and adjust the seasonings to your preference. Your filling is finished, and you're ready to make dumplings!

Fold the dumplings:

First, get a small bowl of water and place it on your workstation.
Place a heaping teaspoon of filling in the middle of the dumpling wrapper.
Wet the edges with water and fold the dumpling in half. Pinch the edges to seal the dumpling closed into a half-moon shape.
You can crimp and pinch the edges as you seal it, but it takes practice!

Steam, pan-fry, or deep fry the dumplings:

To steam: fill your steamer pot with water and place the rack on top. Place a liner on top. Bring the water to a boil and arrange the dumplings on top. Reduce heat to medium, cover, and steam for 10 minutes.
To pan-fry: Dip the bottoms of the dumplings into the water just to coat the bottom, then dip into a bowl of sesame seeds to evenly coat the bottom. Heat vegetable oil in a skillet over medium-high. Add the dumplings, sesame seed side down, and cook without moving for 1 minute. Pour in ¼ cup water and cover immediately. Cook for 3–4 minutes. Remove the lid and fry for an additional minute or so.
To deep-fry: Heat a few inches of oil in a large pot until the oil reaches 330ºF. Add dumplings in batches and deep-fry for 3–4 minutes. Transfer to a paper towel-lined plate.

To serve:

Make the sauce by whisking together the black vinegar, chili oil, sesame oil, and sesame seeds. Place the sauce in a small bowl in the middle of a serving platter. Arrange the dumplings around the sauce and garnish with sliced scallions. Enjoy!

You can make the recipe HERE.
Ingredients
    • 2 tbsp Butter
    • 10 oz Baby Spinach
    • 2 tbsp Olive Oil
    • 2 Medium Shallots thinly sliced
    • Kosher Salt & Black Pepper
    • 1.5 cups Long Grain White Rice rinsed and drained
    • 1 lb Large Shrimp peeled
    • 1 cup Fresh Dill chopped
    • 1 tsp Grated Lemon Zest
    • 3 tbsp Lemon Juice
    • 1/4 cup Feta Cheese crumbled  
Instructions
    1.  In a large saucepan over medium-high, heat the butter until bubbling. Add the spinach and cook, stirring, until wilted but still bright green, about 1 minute. Transfer to a bowl, including any liquid released by the spinach; set aside.
    2.  Set the same pan over medium-high. Add the oil, shallots and 1/2 tsp salt, then cook, stirring often, until the shallots are translucent, about 2 minutes. Add the rice, 2.5 cups of water, 1/2 tsp salt and 1/4 tsp pepper. Stir to combine, then bring to a boil. Cover, reduce to low and cook until the liquid has been absorbed, 15 to 18 minutes.
    3.  Meanwhile, season the shrimp with salt and pepper.
    4.  When the rice is done, remove the pan from the heat. Quickly and evenly scatter the shrimp over the surface, re-cover and let stand for 10 minutes. Using a fork, fluff the rice and fold in the shrimp. Re-cover and let stand until the shrimp are opaque throughout, another 5 to 7 minutes.
    5.  Add the spinach with its liquid, the dill and the lemon zest and juice, then fold until well combined. Taste and season with salt and pepper.
    6.  Top with crumbled feta cheese and serve hot.
Full recipe post here: Almond Flour Blueberry Muffins
Ingredients:
* 2 cups almond flour
* ½ tsp baking soda
* ¼ tsp fine sea salt
* ¼ cup coconut oil, melted but not hot
* ⅓ cup coconut sugar
* 3 eggs *room temperature
* 1 tbsp lemon zest
* 1 tsp vanilla extract
* ¾ cup blueberries
Instructions

Preheat the oven to 400 and line 9 cups of a muffin tin with parchment paper liners. 2. Leaving a few cups empty helps to circulate the heat so the muffins rise.
In a medium mixing bowl, whisk together the almond flour, baking soda, salt, and coconut sugar. Set aside.
In another small mixing bowl, beat the eggs then stir in the oil, lemon zest, and vanilla.
Pour the egg mixture over the almond flour mixture and stir until just combined. Don't overmix the batter.
Add the blueberries to the batter and gently fold them in.
Scoop the muffin batter into the 9 prepared muffin cups.
Bake at 400 for 5 minutes then turn the heat down to 375 and bake for 13-15 minutes more. Watch for the tops to be lightly browned and spring back when lightly pressed with a finger.
Let the muffins cool in the pan for 5 minutes then transfer them to a wire rack to cool completely.

Original Recipe Here: Mutton Pulao
Ingredients
Mutton/Lamb Stock
• 500 g Mutton
• 20 g Ginger
• 5 cloves Garlic Chopped
• 1.5 litre Water
• 1 tsp Crushed Chillies
• 1 tsp Salt
• 1 tsp Peppercorn
• 2 Cumin Seeds
• 1 tsp Black Pepper
• 1 Onion
• 10 Cloves
• 2 Bay Leaf
• 4 Black Cardamom
Rice
• 400 g Rice
• 50 ml Oil
• 1 Onion
• 1 tsp Salt
• 2 tsp Garlic Paste
• 3 Green Chillies
• 1 tbsp Water
Instructions

In a bowl cover the rice completely with cold water and leave it to soak for a minimum of 1 hour.
Whilst the rice is soaking in a large pot add the lamb stock ingredients along with your choice of meat (mutton or lamb) then add the water and cook for 40-45 minutes until the meat has softened – mutton meat may take longer.
When the mutton is almost done cooking, heat up the oil in a separate pot on medium heat then add the finely sliced onions and cook for 4-5 minutes until softened and browned – once lightly browned add 1 tablespoon of water to release the colour from the onions.
Remove the lamb pieces from the other pot and add to the onions along with the garlic paste, salt, and green chillies then cook for 7-8 minutes.
Meanwhile, sieve the stock then add the lamb stock into the lamb and cook for another 5 minutes.
Drain the soaked rice and add it to the pan then gently mix before cooking on high heat for 10-15 minutes or until the water has almost dried up.
Reduce the heat to low then cover with a lid and cook for 10-15.
Serve immediately with raita and enjoy!

** Recipe is here: https://yummymideast.com/fish-dishes/zaatar-garlic-salmon/
Ingredients:

12 ounces of scrubbed baby potatoes
2 cups of grape tomatoes (halved, which weigh approximately 10 oz).
6 ounces of broccoli florets
5 to 6 cloves of garlic, minced
Extra Virgin Olive Oil
Salt and pepper to taste
2 teaspoons of zaatar spice in the beginning, and you can reserve some for later.
1 teaspoon of coriander
1 pound of salmon fillet without the skin
1 piece of lemon (juiced)

Directions:

Set the oven to 400°F prior to baking.
Mix together the potatoes, grape tomatoes, and broccoli in a big bowl. Drizzle 2 tablespoons of olive oil over the ingredients and toss to coat.
For seasoning, mix the veggies with salt and pepper, 1 tablespoon of minced garlic, 1 teaspoon of zaatar, and ½ teaspoon of coriander. Mix the ingredients together until all vegetables are coated evenly.
Move the vegetables onto a baking sheet and raise the edges.
To prepare the salmon, make sure to pat it dry and season it with salt and pepper. Then, pour some olive oil on top of it and spread the remaining garlic evenly. Finally, complete the dish by sprinkling zaatar and coriander over the fish.
Divide the salmon into 4 equal parts and arrange them with the vegetables on a baking sheet. Add additional olive oil as needed. Bake the salmon thoroughly and soften the vegetables, usually taking 15-16 minutes.
After cooking the salmon in the oven, take it out and squeeze some lemon juice over it. Top with more zaatar as a seasoning before serving.
Enjoy this delicious dish with Lebanese rice and a side salad of your choice.

Recipe is here: https://yummymideast.com/desserts/moroccan-almond-cigars/
Ingredients:

20 sheets of either phyllo or brick dough
3 cups ground almonds.
1 tbsp melted butter or margarine
1 tbsp cinnamon
1/2 cup granulated sugar
1/4 cup rose water
1 egg white
Vegetable oil
Honey

Directions:

Mix ground almonds, melted butter/margarine, sugar, and cinnamon in a big bowl. Gradually add rose water until the mixture is soft.
Put a sheet of brick/egg roll wrapper on a flat surface. Spoon a small amount of the mix onto one side, brush egg white on the other sides. Roll the wrapper tightly around the mixture, pressing down on the seam to form a cigar.
Heat vegetable oil in a pan. Fry the cigars for 5-6 min on each side until golden.
Let the cigars cool, then roll them in honey on a plate. Serve with warm Moroccan tea.

Recipe here originally: Chickpea and Pasta alla Vodka
Cook time: 30 minutes
Servings: 2–3

8 ounces (half a box) of your favorite pasta, like farfalle, fusilli, or rigatoni
1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil
1 small yellow onion, peeled, halved, and sliced into half-moons
2 tablespoons butter
4 cloves garlic, peeled and minced
½ teaspoon crushed red pepper, more or less to taste
2 tablespoons tomato paste
⅓ cup vodka or white wine
½ cup water, plus more as needed
½ cup sun-dried tomatoes, roughly chopped
14.5-ounce can chickpeas, drained
¼ cup heavy cream
Salt and pepper to taste
Fresh basil or parsley, optional, for serving
Freshly grated parmesan cheese, optional, for serving

Cook the pasta:

Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Once boiling, add a generous pinch of salt along with the pasta. Cook until 1–2 minutes shy of al dente. Scoop out ⅓ cup of the pasta cooking water and set aside. Drain the pasta.

Prepare the sauce:

Heat 1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil in a wide pot over medium-high heat. Once hot, add the onion and cook for 5–7 minutes, stirring occasionally.
Melt the butter into the onions. Once bubbly, add the garlic and crushed red pepper and cook for 1 minute until fragrant.
Add the tomato paste and cook, mashing it into the onions, for 3–4 minutes until it begins to deepen in color and stick to the bottom of the pot. Be careful not to burn the garlic!
Pour in the vodka and bring the sauce to a boil. Stir in the water, sun-dried tomatoes, and chickpeas. Taste and season with salt and pepper. Reduce heat and simmer for 15–20 minutes, adding water as needed if the liquid evaporates too quickly.

Sauce the pasta:

After the sauce finishes simmering, taste and just the seasonings to your preference.
Pour in the heavy cream and turn the heat to medium. As soon as the sauce bubbles, add the cooked pasta and toss to coat for 2 minutes. Next, add the pasta cooking water to loosen up the sauce to your preferences. Once the pasta is completely coated, turn off the heat. Taste and season once more.

To serve:

Spoon the pasta onto a serving platter and garnish with fresh basil and parmesan cheese. Enjoy!

Recipe Link
Ingredients

3/4 cup (115g) butter
1 tsp vanilla extract
3/4 cup (150g) brown sugar
1/2 cup (100g) white sugar
2 eggs
2 1/2 (300g) cups baking flour 
1 1/2 (180g) cups almond flour (or sub for same amount baking flour)
3/4 tsp baking soda
3/4 tsp baking powder
2 cups (~250g) Mini Eggs

Directions

Preheat oven at 350°F (180°C)
In one large bowl, cream together 3/4 cup (115g) butter, 3/4 cups (150g) brown sugar, 1/2 cup (100g) white sugar, and 1 tsp vanilla (wet ingredients)
Beat in 2 eggs
In a separate bowl, mix together 2 1/2 cups (300g) baking flour, 1 1/2 cup (180g) almond flour, 1 tsp baking soda, and 1 tsp baking powder (dry ingredients)
Slowly pour 1/4 portions of the dry ingredients into the wet ingredients, until fully combined 
Fold in 2 cups (~250g) Mini Eggs
Line a baking tray with parchment paper - OR - cooking spray 
Take golf ball sized portions of dough, and roll them together between your palms, then evenly space each ball onto baking tray
Bake the biscuits in the oven at 350°F (180°C) for 15-16 minutes
Allow the biscuits to cool for a minimum of 15 minutes
Enjoy!

Original Recipe Here: Grilled Cheese Sandwich
Ingredients
• 2 slices of bread
• 2 slices of cheddar cheese
• 1 tablespoon of butter
Instructions

Preheat a non-stick frying pan over medium heat.
Spread butter on one side of each slice of bread.
Place one slice of cheese on one of the bread slices (on the unbuttered side), and then top it with the other slice of cheese and the other bread slice (buttered side up).
Place the sandwich on the preheated pan and cook for 2-3 minutes until the bottom slice of bread is golden brown.
Flip the sandwich over and cook for an additional 2-3 minutes until the other side is golden brown and the cheese is melted.
Remove the sandwich from the pan, cut it in half if desired, and serve hot.

Ingredients

2 cups (625g) Maple Syrup

Instructions - (Maple Candy Video Recipe)
Calibration

Before starting, calibrate your thermometer by boiling water in a pot.
Place the thermometer into the boiling water and note the temperature reading, which should be around 212°F (100°C).

Maple Syrup Candy:

Pour the maple syrup into a large, heavy-bottomed pan.
Heat the maple syrup to 300°F (149°C), which is 88°F (49°C) above the boiling point of water. Be sure to check the boiling water temperature beforehand for accuracy.

Shaping and cooling Maple Syrup Candy

As the syrup heats, prepare your candy molds or line a baking sheet with parchment paper.
Once the syrup reaches the desired temperature, remove the pan from heat and quickly pour the mixture into the prepared molds or onto the lined baking sheet.
Allow the candy to harden and cool for about 20 minutes.
Remove the candy from the molds or break it into pieces if you used the baking sheet method.
Share and enjoy your homemade maple syrup candy!

Can't wait to see you next week for more exciting recipes!
Sandrine ;)
A tasty and flavorful fish with a balance of sourness, garlicky goodness, and a spicy kick.
https://hungryinthailand.com/recipe/thai-lime-garlic-steamed-fish/
​
Ingredients
•35 ounces fish (tilapia)
•5.5 tablespoons lime
•5 tablespoons fish sauce
•1 tablespoon palm sugar (chop to measure)
•10 cloves garlic (pounded)
•10 chilies (pounded)
•1⁄3 cup coriander (chopped)
•2 coriander root (pounded)
•1⁄3 cup celery (chopped)
•2 lemongrass (cut in 2 or 3 pieces)
Instructions

Make sure the fish is cleaned thoroughly. Slice 3–4 cuts into the fish on both sides.
Stuff the belly of the fish with the lemongrass.
Place the fish in a steamer, and steam for 10–15 minutes, depending on the size of the fish. Ideally, you want to lay the fish on top of a dish.
Pound garlic, coriander root, and chilies in a mortar and pestle.
Add palm sugar, fish sauce, fresh lime juice and mix into 1 sauce.
After steaming, transfer to a serving dish and top with the sauce, then garnish with coriander and celery. Serve immediately, with a portion of rice.

Brown Sugar Ham Glaze
For full recipe, tips, & tricks, visit: https://maplewoodroad.com/brown-sugar-ham-glaze/
INGREDIENTS

10 pound pre-cooked ham (approximate weight)
4 tablespoons salted butter
1 cup light brown sugar, packed
¼ cup honey
1 tablespoon brown mustard
½ cup pineapple juice
¼ cup apple juice
¼ teaspoon cinnamon
¼ teaspoon ground cloves

INSTRUCTIONS

 Preheat oven to 325°F.
Unwrap the ham and place it in a large baking dish. I also decided to pour all the juices from the bag in the dish, to help keep it juicy.
If you have a spiral-cut ham, there’s nothing else to do. Otherwise, make ¼″ deep cuts in a diamond pattern all over the ham surface (this will allow the juices from the brown sugar ham glaze to drip down inside later).
Place in the oven and bake.
A ham will take about 1 to 1-½ hours to cook through. After 1 hour, check the temperature by inserting a meat thermometer in the thickest part (being careful not to touch the bone). The ham is ready when the internal temperature has reached 130°F.
At about the 1-hour mark, start making the brown sugar ham glaze.
Melt butter in a small pan over medium heat. 
Once the butter has melted, add all the other ingredients and whisk together.
Bring to a simmer, whisking occasionally, and cook for about 5 minutes. 
Immediately remove from heat and let cool for 5 to 10 minutes.
Check the internal temperature of your ham (the ham is finished cooking when it has reached 130°F).
When it’s getting close to that point, but has about a half hour left, baste half of the brown sugar ham glaze onto the ham. 
Fifteen minutes later, brush on the remaining ham glaze and let the ham finish cooking until it has reached 130°F.
Serve and enjoy!

This recipe serves: 4 portions
Preparation time: 20 minutes
Cooking time: 40 minutes
​
Ingredients for Thai Yellow Chicken Curry:
* 1 Pound (450g) of diced boneless chicken thighs (can substitute with chicken breast or tofu)
* 1 Pound of potatoes, peeled and cut into quarters
* 1 medium size carrot, halved and sliced (100g)
* 1 medium size onion, small dice
* 2 cups of chicken broth (500ml)
* 1 can of coconut cream (400ml)
* 2-3 tbsp of Thai Yellow Curry Paste
* 1tsp of brown sugar
* Splash of fish sauce
* Juice of one lime
* 1tbsp of vegetable oil
* Spring onions or cilantro for garnish
* Thai red chilli for garnish
* Cooked Jasmine rice for sticky rice balls
​
How to prepare Thai Yellow Curry:
1. Preheat a non-stick frying pan or a large pot over high heat. Add 1tbsp of vegetable oil.
2. Add the diced chicken and sear until golden brown. Remove from the pan and set aside.
3. Add the diced onions and carrots to the same pan and cook for about 5 minutes until they start to brown.
4. Add 2-3tbsp of Thai yellow curry paste and continue cooking for another minute.
5. Add the diced potatoes, chicken broth, and coconut cream to the pan. Return the chicken thighs to the pan. Bring to a boil and then reduce heat to a simmer. Cook for 40 minutes, stirring occasionally. If using chicken breast or tofu, add them once the potatoes are cooked through.
6. Season with brown sugar, lime juice, and a splash of fish sauce. Taste and adjust seasoning as needed.
7. Serve with jasmine rice balls and garnish with spring onions or cilantro. Sprinkle chopped Thai red chili on top according to your preference. Enjoy!
Originally posted: Thai Yellow Chicken Curry
Recipe here originally: Saffron Cod and Orzo with Guanciale Chili Oil
Frizzled leeks:

1 leek, white and light green parts only, scrubbed and rinsed
Vegetable oil

Guanciale chili oil:

4 ounces guanciale, bacon, or pancetta; small-diced
1 small shallot, peeled and finely diced
1 clove garlic, peeled and minced
1 teaspoon crushed red pepper, plus more to taste
¼ cup extra virgin olive oil
¼ cup chili oil
1–2 teaspoons maple syrup
Pinch of salt, if needed

Saffron cod and orzo:

Pinch of saffron, lightly crushed
2 tablespoons hot water
6 4-ounce portions of cod
1 fennel bulb with stalks; bulb cored and thinly sliced, stalks trimmed and thinly sliced into rounds, fronds reserved for garnish
1 shallot, peeled and sliced lengthwise into thin wedges
4 cloves garlic, peeled and minced
2 tablespoons butter
16 ounces orzo
5½ cups water or vegetable broth
1 teaspoon extra virgin olive oil
1 lemon, juiced
¼ cup loosely packed parsley, minced
Salt and pepper to taste

Prep the leek:

Before beginning, prepare the leek as it takes the most time. Halve the leek lengthwise and very thinly slice both halves into 1/8-inch wide slivers. You may need to separate some of the layers of the leek and slice each layer separately. If you find bits of dirt deep within the leek, don’t fret. You can place all the leek slivers in a sieve and rinse again once more to remove any stubborn flecks of dirt.
Transfer the sliced leek to a paper towel-lined plate and pat dry to remove any excess water.

Steep the saffron:

Place the crushed saffron in a small bowl and cover it with 2 tablespoons of hot water. Set aside.

Prepare the guanciale chili oil:

Place the guanciale in a large pot (you’ll use this pot later for the orzo and cod!) and turn the heat to medium. Cook, turning occasionally, for 8–10 minutes until the fat renders and the guanciale becomes crispy.
Add the shallot, garlic, and crushed red pepper and cook for an additional 3 minutes, turning often and adjusting the heat as needed to prevent the garlic from browning. Once the shallot softens, and the garlic takes on a very light golden color, spoon the mixture into a bowl. Scoop out all but a tablespoon of the fat from the pot and add it to the bowl of guanciale.
Pour the extra virgin olive oil, chili oil, and maple syrup over the guanciale. Stir vigorously to combine. Taste and adjust the seasonings to your preference. Add more maple syrup, chili oil, or crushed red pepper, depending on your preferences.
The guanciale oil will keep in an airtight jar for up to 5 days.

Prepare the saffron cod and orzo:

Pat the cod dry and season all over with salt and pepper.
Return the pot of remaining guanciale fat to medium heat. Add the sliced fennel bulb and stalks along with the sliced shallot. Season with salt and cook for 5–6 minutes until the fennel begins to soften.
Add the garlic and cook for 1–2 minutes until just fragrant.
Melt the butter into the pot and add the orzo. Stir to coat and cook for 1–2 minutes until it begins to lightly toast. Season with salt.
Pour in the water or broth and bring to a boil for 2–3 minutes. Stir often to lift up any orzo that may have stuck to the bottom.
Reduce heat to low and arrange the cod on top. Drizzle with 1 teaspoon of extra virgin olive oil. Drizzle the steeped saffron mixture all over, ensuring that each piece of cod gets a little bit of saffron water.
Cover and simmer over low heat for 12–15 minutes or until the cod is opaque and the orzo is tender.

Frizzle the leek:

Note: Use a saucepan that has somewhat high sides. Generally, you want a saucepan that’s at least 6–8 inches deep. When you add the leeks to the hot oil, the oil will foam up vigorously, and you do NOT want it pouring over the edges.
As the cod simmers, make the leeks. In a saucepan, pour in 2 inches of vegetable oil. Turn the heat to medium-high. Break off a piece of leek and add it to the pot; if it bubbles rapidly, it’s ready to fry.
Working in small batches, add a handful of the leeks at a time to the oil. Stir occasionally and fry for 15–20 seconds until golden brown. Remove and–using tongs–transfer to a paper towel-lined plate. Continue on until all the leeks are fried. Pat any excess oil off from the tops of the leeks with a paper towel and season with flaky sea salt. Set aside.

To serve:

Spoon the cooked orzo into shallow bowls and place a piece of cod on top. Arrange the frizzled leeks next to the cod and drizzle with the guanciale chili oil. Sprinkle a few bits of fennel fronds on top if you remember (unlike me…). Enjoy!

Complete step by step pictures as well as tips on presentation and prep are in the original recipe.
Ingredients:

Lamb shanks: one per serving
Mashed potatoes: about one large Russet per portion, pecorino cheese and butter to taste.
Vegetables of choice: I used frozen fine beans and carrots, about half an lb per person
Soup: I just used a corn soup bouillon and fancied it up a bit
Dessert: Panna cotta is pretty low effort and high reward. I used 1.5g of gelatine powder, a dash of sugar and about 100ml of milk. But substituting some or all of the milk for cream makes for a richer product, and corn starch can work in lieu of gelatine. Some vanilla powder or extract would also be nice, as is fruit for topping.

Instructions:
Cover lamb shanks with salt and pepper two days before serving.
The next day,

Cover shanks with foil and roast at 140c/285f for 2 to 3 hours, or until tender.
Meanwhile, make mashed potatoes with pecorino and butter, and keep refrigerated until ready to serve.
Bloom about 1.5g of gelatine powder in a bit of hot water and whisk it, along with a tiny dash of sugar, into about 100ml of milk heated on the stove until lukewarm. Poured it into two ramekins and let them set overnight in the fridge, covered with plastic wrap.

On the day you want to eat,

Pull the shanks out of the fridge and broil until well browned. Sop up the drippings with bread and make croutons.
Make soup according to package instructions while the shanks are broiling. Pul croutons out of the oven before they burn and serve with the soup while the oven continues to keep the shanks warm.
When ready for the main course, microwave the mashed potatoes, saute your vegetables and build your plate.
Enjoy conversation and some wine before pulling the panna cotta out of the fridge and serving for dessert.

Enjoy!
You can make the recipe HERE.
Ingredients
    • 1 oz Chambord Raspberry Liqueur
    • 6 oz Sparkling Wine (Champagne, Prosecco, Cava)
    • Fresh Raspberry garnish
Instructions
    1.  Pour sparkling wine into a flute or coupe glass and top with Chambord.
    2.  Garnish with a raspberry.
Original Recipe Here: Vegan Arroz con Gandules
Ingredients: 

1 can Pigeon Peas
3 cups Rice
3 tbsp Tomato Paste
3 tsp Sazon
1/2 tsp Adobo
8 tbsp Recaito
3 tbsp Coconut Oil
5 Leaves Bay Leaves
1/2 tsp Oregano
1/8 tsp Salt
1 tbsp Lemon Juice
3 cups Low-Sodium Vegetable Broth
10 whole Green Olives Optional
1/2 bunch Cilantro Optional

Instructions:

Prep: Rinse the rice using a fine mesh strainer and set it to the side.
Place the cast iron pot on the stovetop and set it to medium-high heat. Add the coconut oil and sofrito, and cook for roughly 2-3 minutes, stirring carefully.
Add all the spices and tomato paste and stir for 4 minutes.
Add the canned gandules (pigeon peas) with the liquid and green olives (optional) and cook for 8-10 minutes. Continue to stir until the gandules are slightly al dente.
Mix in the rice, and stir until the rice is well mixed and coated in the tomato paste sauce. Then add the broth and a drop of lemon juice and continue cooking at medium-high heat until the water evaporates.
Once the water has evaporated, reduce to very low heat and cook for 25 minutes with the lid on. 
After cooking for 25 minutes, keep the lid on, remove from heat, and let sit for 15-20 minutes.
Optional: Rinse and chop cilantro, add to the cooked rice, and mix. Enjoy!

Tip: Serve with a light salad with vinaigrette or a creamy vegan pasta salad.
Original Recipe Here: Garlic Naan Bread
Ingredients
• 250g plain flour
• 1/2 tsp baking powder
• 1 tsp salt
• 1 tsp sugar
• 1 tsp active dry yeast
• 120ml warm milk
• 2 tbsp vegetable oil
• 2 garlic cloves, minced
• 2 tbsp fresh coriander, chopped
• 2 tbsp butter, melted
Instructions

In a large mixing bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder, salt, sugar, and yeast.
Add in the warm milk in small increments and vegetable oil, and mix well to form a soft dough. Knead the dough for a few minutes until it becomes smooth and elastic.
Cover the dough with a damp cloth and leave it to rest for about 30 minutes in a warm place.
Preheat your grill to high heat.
In a small bowl, mix together the minced garlic, chopped coriander, and melted butter.
Divide the dough into 4 equal parts, and roll each part out into a thin circle.
Brush the garlic and coriander butter over one side of each naan.
Place the naans buttered side up on the grill, and cook for about 2-3 minutes, or until the naans start to puff up and turn golden brown.
Flip the naans over and cook for another 1-2 minutes, or until the other side is also golden brown.
Remove the naans from the grill and serve hot.

Recipe + more photos here originally: My Favorite Duck Breast Recipe
A quick tip:
Typically, you need to only boil pearl onions for 2 minutes. I go a little longer to soften them a bit more so I don't have to sauté them quite as long since you're holding the duck. BUT! If you don't mind dirtying another skillet, feel free to start those mushrooms and onions in a separate skillet as you cook the duck.
Seared duck breast:

1 duck breast (1 pound)
Salt and pepper to taste

Mushrooms and pearl onions:

8 ounces gold or white pearl onions
12 ounces cremini mushrooms trimmed and thinly sliced
2 tablespoons reserved duck fat
3 sprigs thyme
4 garlic cloves peeled and thinly sliced
1 tablespoon freshly minced parsley, plus more for garnish
Salt and pepper to taste

Sweet potato puree:

2 sweet potatoes, about 1 pound, peeled and cubed
2 tablespoons butter
½ cup whole milk plus more, if needed
2 tablespoons sour cream
2 teaspoons garlic powder
2 teaspoons Aleppo pepper flakes or paprika and a pinch of crushed red pepper
Salt and pepper to taste

Parboil and peel the pearl onions:

Bring a medium pot of water to a boil. Add the pearl onions (skins on) and boil for 5 minutes. Transfer the onions to a bowl of ice-cold water using a slotted spoon.
Once the onions are cool enough to handle, carefully cut off the root end of the onion with sharp scissors. Pop the onion out from its skin. Continue on until all the onions are peeled. Discard the skins.

Cook the sweet potatoes:

Dump out the water from the pot and add the sweet potatoes. Cover with fresh water and bring to a boil. Boil for 15-20 minutes until fork-tender.
Turn off the heat. Pour the potatoes into a colander and return the pot to the same burner. Allow the potatoes to dry off for 1 minute using the residual heat from the warm burner.
Add the butter, milk, sour cream, garlic powder, and pepper flakes to the potatoes.
Using an immersion blender, blend until creamy and smooth, adding more milk if needed. Taste and season with salt, pepper, and garlic powder or pepper flakes. Set aside and keep warm.

Cook the duck:

Pat the duck dry breast dry. Using a sharp paring knife, score the skin at an angle in ⅛-inch increments until the skin has been completely scored from edge to edge. Be careful not to pierce or cut into the flesh of the duck.
Place the duck, skin-side down, into a skillet. Turn the heat to medium and cook for 7 minutes or until the fat begins to render out. Adjust the heat periodically as it cooks. You want to stay somewhere between medium and medium-low.
If your duck breast is unevenly fatty (for example, the ends may have a thicker fat layer than the middle of the breast), use a small cast-iron press or skillet or a metal flipper to press that part of the duck into the skillet to encourage even browning.
After 7 minutes, get the heat back to medium or just slightly above. The fat in the skillet may begin bubbling and sputtering a bit more rapidly. Check the skin and continue frying and adjusting the heat until the skin is deep golden brown and crisp. This may take another 6–8 minutes. Just keep adjusting the heat and peeking at the skin.
Flip the duck and turn the heat to medium. Cook for 5-10 minutes or until desired internal temperature is met. For medium-rare, cook the duck to about 130ºF at the thickest part of the breast. Note: Do not take the temperature of the duck through the skin. Pierce the flesh in order to get an accurate temperature read. I prefer to cook the duck until it reaches 135ºF.
Transfer the duck to a plate and cover it tightly with foil. Set aside to rest as you finish the rest of the recipe.

Fry the mushrooms and onions:

Drain all the duck fat into a heat-proof jar through a small sieve. Wipe out the skillet and place it on the stove over medium heat.
Once hot, add the mushrooms and cook for 5 minutes until the mushrooms begin to sweat and take on a bit of color.
Add 2 tablespoons of reserved duck fat, pearl onions, and thyme sprigs. Season with salt and pepper. Cook over medium heat for 10 minutes until the pearl onions are fork-tender and golden around the edges.
Stir in the minced garlic and fresh parsley and sauté for 1 minute. Turn off the heat.

To serve:

Right before serving, remove the foil from the duck and slice it crosswise.
Spoon the sweet potatoes into a rimmed plate and pile on the mushrooms and onions. Arrange a few slices of duck on each plate. Garnish with more parsley and Aleppo pepper flakes if you like. Enjoy!

You can make the recipe HERE.
Ingredients
    • 1 cup Tomato Passata
    • 1 Small Spanish Onion finely chopped
    • 1/4 cup Olive Oil
    • 1 tbsp Dried Sage
    • 5 Garlic Cloves minced
    • 19 oz Canned Cannellini Beans
    • Kosher Salt & Pepper
    • 1 tbsp Parsley chopped
Instructions
    1.  Warm half the olive oil in a saute pan over medium low heat. Add the onions, stir and cook until translucent, about 5 minutes. Crush the dried sage between your fingers and add to the pan.
    2.  Stir in the garlic then raise the heat slightly and stir for 2-3 minutes.
    3.  Reduce the heat to low and add the rest of the olive oil and beans, with most of their cooking liquid. Add the passata and add any water needed to ensure the beans are covered completely. Bring to a slow simmer and cook for 15 minutes, stirring occasionally.
    4.  Remove from the heat and cool to room temperature, uncovered. About 10 minutes before serving, reheat the beans, stirring gently once or twice over low heat. Season with salt and pepper to taste.
    5.  Garnish with the remaining olive oil and chopped parsley. Serve with crusty bread, pasta or polenta.
Pad mee korat is a spicy version of pad Thai, and it's the ultimate comfort food for any day of the week!
Recipe: https://hungryinthailand.com/recipe/pad-mee-korat/
INGREDIENTS
•2 cloves garlic (chopped)
•3 shallots (chopped)
•1⁄3 cup palm sugar (chop to measure)
•3 tablespoons fish sauce
•3 tablespoons tamarind sauce
•2 tablespoons soybean paste
•1⁄2 teaspoon dried chili flakes
•1⁄2 tablespoon black soy sauce
•2 cups water
•12 ounces pork (bacon, fresh, unsalted)
•7 ounces bean sprouts
•18 ounces dry rice noodles
•3 green onions (chopped)
INSTRUCTIONS

Stir-fry the bacon until cooked through, and the fat begins to separate from the bacon. When cooked through, remove bacon from the pan but keep the fat. If using any other kind of protein, use 2 tablespoons cooking oil.
Stir-fry garlic and shallots for 20 sec, or until golden.
Add soybean paste, dark soy sauce, tamarind sauce, fish sauce, palm sugar, and dried chili flakes. Stir and mix well until palm sugar is fully dissolved.
Add water and bring to a simmer.
Once simmering, add the noodles and gently mix with the sauce to prevent the noodles from breaking apart.
Add the bacon to your pan and mix well with the noodles.
Toss in bean sprouts and green onions just to mix. Serve immediately.

