jump to content my subreddits edit subscriptions popular  all  random  users    AskReddit  funny  worldnews  gaming  pics  movies  videos  explainlikeimfive  news  todayilearned  OldSchoolCool  mildlyinteresting  books  LifeProTips  aww  TwoXChromosomes  Jokes  dataisbeautiful  science  nottheonion  Music  IAmA  tifu  UpliftingNews  Showerthoughts  photoshopbattles  askscience  Futurology  gifs  space  food  gadgets  Art  DIY  nosleep  Documentaries  GetMotivated  history  WritingPrompts  InternetIsBeautiful  philosophy  sports  EarthPorn  creepy  announcements  listentothis  blog more »   recipes comments Want to join  Log in  or  sign up  in seconds.
English limit my search to rrecipes use the following search parameters to narrow your results subreddit subreddit find submissions in "subreddit" author username find submissions by "username" site example.com find submissions from "example.com" url text search for "text" in url selftext text search for "text" in self post contents selfyes or selfno include or exclude self posts nsfwyes or nsfwno include or exclude results marked as NSFW e.g.
subredditaww siteimgur.com dog see the search faq for details.
advanced search by author subreddit... this post was submitted on    Apr     points  % upvoted shortlink   remember me reset password login Submit your image and formatted recipe Get an adfree experience with special benefits and directly support Reddit.
get reddit premium recipes join leave    readers    users here now Share your cooking repertoire with our community Filters Dessert Beef Pasta Pork Poultry Seafood Vegetarian Discussion Drink Budget Question Picture Remove Filters Rules All recipes must be formatted properly.
youll get an orangered on comments.
All posts require mod approval and are auto removed until so  How to submit a well formatted recipe can be found  here ...  OR SEE THIS EXAMPLE HERE ... or try these tips   One hyper link per recipe .
All posts must have a formatted text recipe.
BlogYTIGTweeter links can only be in the formatted text recipes and users must follow site wide self promotion guidelines of posting .
Url shorteners bit.ly and amazon links are not allowed.
One link per post.
Deletes and reposts without mod direction will result in account removal.
No food porn.
No polls.
No excessive self promotion without engagement.
Link post must contain the formatted recipe in the comments.
We only allow direct post links from imgur.com and i.reddituploads.com.
VIDEO POSTS ARE NOT ALLOWED.
Self posts may contain links but the recipe must be formatted and approved.
a.
We enforce reddiquette as a rule.
Be constructive if you criticize or do not comment with hateful rude political or otherwise unnecessary comments to troll.
We do not allow hate spite bigotry racism or otherwise mean users here.
No warnings instant ban Recipe titles should be clear and concise.
HOW TO SUBMIT A POST Submit your image link.
It will be auto filtered.
Type up a formatted text recipe in the comments.
Copy the url of your new post and send a modmail with the url pasted link in the modmail.
We will review the post.
We will coach and approve or remove the post at our discretion.
Related Subreddits Food Cooking Sandwiches Budget Food Whats In My Cupboard SlowCooking Tonights Dinner MimicRecipes a community for   years MODERATORS message the mods discussions in  rrecipes   X    ·   comments   Keema Curry    ·   comments   Roasted cauliflower with mashed potatoes and beetroots    ·   comments    Minute Smoked Salmon Toast with Eggs Herbs and Pea Puree    ·   comments   MisoGlazed Asparagus and Pearl Onions    ·   comments   Duck Dumplings    ·   comments   Spanakorizo Greek Spinach Rice Recipe With Shrimp    ·   comments   Almond Flour Blueberry Muffins    ·   comments   Mutton Pulao    ·   comments   A salmon fillet with a Mediterranean kick    ·   comments   Highly addictive Moroccan almond cigars Welcome to Reddit the front page of the internet.
Become a Redditor and join one of thousands of communities.
×    Saffron Cod and Orzo with Guanciale Chili Oil and Frizzled Leeks OC Seafood    i.redd.it  submitted   days ago  by  BushyEyes  comments share save hide report loading... all  comments sorted by  best top new controversial old random qa live beta Want to add to the discussion Post a comment Create an account – BushyEyes  S     points  points  points    days ago *    child Recipe here originally  Saffron Cod and Orzo with Guanciale Chili Oil Frizzled leeks  leek white and light green parts only scrubbed and rinsed Vegetable oil Guanciale chili oil  ounces guanciale bacon or pancetta smalldiced  small shallot peeled and finely diced  clove garlic peeled and minced  teaspoon crushed red pepper plus more to taste ¼ cup extra virgin olive oil ¼ cup chili oil – teaspoons maple syrup Pinch of salt if needed Saffron cod and orzo Pinch of saffron lightly crushed  tablespoons hot water  ounce portions of cod  fennel bulb with stalks bulb cored and thinly sliced stalks trimmed and thinly sliced into rounds fronds reserved for garnish  shallot peeled and sliced lengthwise into thin wedges  cloves garlic peeled and minced  tablespoons butter  ounces orzo ½ cups water or vegetable broth  teaspoon extra virgin olive oil  lemon juiced ¼ cup loosely packed parsley minced Salt and pepper to taste Prep the leek Before beginning prepare the leek as it takes the most time.
Halve the leek lengthwise and very thinly slice both halves into inch wide slivers.
You may need to separate some of the layers of the leek and slice each layer separately.
If you find bits of dirt deep within the leek dont fret.
You can place all the leek slivers in a sieve and rinse again once more to remove any stubborn flecks of dirt.
Transfer the sliced leek to a paper towellined plate and pat dry to remove any excess water.
Steep the saffron Place the crushed saffron in a small bowl and cover it with  tablespoons of hot water.
Set aside.
Prepare the guanciale chili oil Place the guanciale in a large pot youll use this pot later for the orzo and cod and turn the heat to medium.
Cook turning occasionally for – minutes until the fat renders and the guanciale becomes crispy.
Add the shallot garlic and crushed red pepper and cook for an additional  minutes turning often and adjusting the heat as needed to prevent the garlic from browning.
Once the shallot softens and the garlic takes on a very light golden color spoon the mixture into a bowl.
Scoop out all but a tablespoon of the fat from the pot and add it to the bowl of guanciale.
Pour the extra virgin olive oil chili oil and maple syrup over the guanciale.
Stir vigorously to combine.
Taste and adjust the seasonings to your preference.
Add more maple syrup chili oil or crushed red pepper depending on your preferences.
The guanciale oil will keep in an airtight jar for up to  days.
Prepare the saffron cod and orzo Pat the cod dry and season all over with salt and pepper.
Return the pot of remaining guanciale fat to medium heat.
Add the sliced fennel bulb and stalks along with the sliced shallot.
Season with salt and cook for – minutes until the fennel begins to soften.
Add the garlic and cook for – minutes until just fragrant.
Melt the butter into the pot and add the orzo.
Stir to coat and cook for – minutes until it begins to lightly toast.
Season with salt.
Pour in the water or broth and bring to a boil for – minutes.
Stir often to lift up any orzo that may have stuck to the bottom.
Reduce heat to low and arrange the cod on top.
Drizzle with  teaspoon of extra virgin olive oil.
Drizzle the steeped saffron mixture all over ensuring that each piece of cod gets a little bit of saffron water.
Cover and simmer over low heat for – minutes or until the cod is opaque and the orzo is tender.
Frizzle the leek Note Use a saucepan that has somewhat high sides.
Generally you want a saucepan thats at least – inches deep.
When you add the leeks to the hot oil the oil will foam up vigorously and you do NOT want it pouring over the edges.
As the cod simmers make the leeks.
In a saucepan pour in  inches of vegetable oil.
Turn the heat to mediumhigh.
Break off a piece of leek and add it to the pot if it bubbles rapidly its ready to fry.
Working in small batches add a handful of the leeks at a time to the oil.
Stir occasionally and fry for – seconds until golden brown.
Remove and–using tongs–transfer to a paper towellined plate.
Continue on until all the leeks are fried.
Pat any excess oil off from the tops of the leeks with a paper towel and season with flaky sea salt.
Set aside.
To serve Spoon the cooked orzo into shallow bowls and place a piece of cod on top.
Arrange the frizzled leeks next to the cod and drizzle with the guanciale chili oil.
Sprinkle a few bits of fennel fronds on top if you remember unlike me….
Enjoy permalink embed save report give award reply – hungryinThailand    points  points  point    days ago    children 🤤 permalink embed save report give award reply – meeow    points  point  points    days ago    children This looks phenomenal.
Ill take .
permalink embed save report give award reply – ProfessorDeFaz    points  point  points    days ago    children I too like my leeks frizzled permalink embed save report give award reply – TwoTwoWorld    points  point  points    days ago    children Looks tasty.
This is definitely a recipe that I would try.
permalink embed save report give award reply – whippeddesserts    points  point  points    days ago    children Love the combination of flavors Adding this to my musttry list 🌟 permalink embed save report give award reply about blog about advertising careers help site rules Reddit help center reddiquette mod guidelines contact us apps  tools Reddit for iPhone Reddit for Android mobile website  reddit premium reddit coins Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our  User Agreement  and  Privacy Policy .
reddit inc. All rights reserved.
REDDIT and the ALIEN Logo are registered trademarks of reddit inc.
Advertise  lifestyles π   Rendered by PID  on  redditservicerloggedoutfdbfcjhxk  at  .
running  country code US.
