Accessibility statement Skip to main content Search Navigation Democracy Dies in Darkness Sign in Skip to main content Cooking tips and recipes plus food news and views.
Democracy Dies in Darkness Voraciously Recipes     Trending     How To     Newsletter     Voraciously Recipes     Trending     How To     Newsletter     Vietnamese flavors shine in this chicken lemongrass curry        By      Nandita Godbole April   at  a.m. EDT Cari ga Chicken Lemongrass Curry With Potatoes.
Photo by Rey Lopez for The Washington Post food styling by Lisa Cherkasky for The Washington Post Start recipe Reviews    Print recipe Cari ga Chicken Lemongrass Curry With Potatoes Active time  mins Total time  mins Active time  mins Total time  mins Start recipe Reviews    Comment Gift     Article Share This saucy dish with falloffthebone chicken gets its creaminess from coconut milk and bold flavors from a  Madras curry powder which you can make in about  minutes  or buy.
In his cookbook On the Curry Trail Chasing the Flavor That Seduced the World author  Raghavan Iyer  includes this recipe in his chapter on Vietnam noting that he adapted it  from Andrea Nguyen s cookbook Into the Vietnamese Kitchen.
Get the full experience.
Choose your plan Iyer writes that the chosen curry powder reflects the tastes of southern India.
He recommends it in recipes throughout his cookbook but also notes that Vietnamese curry powder can be substituted if desired.
Read the story Raghavan Iyers final book is a guide through currys complex history If you make the dish with the recommended cayenne and black pepper it will have tonguetingling heat so adjust to suit your taste.
You can make the paste of lemongrass ginger and onion in a large mortar and pestle but a food processor speeds up the process nicely.
Advertisement                 View this post on Instagram                         A post shared by Nandita Godbole @currycravings   Want to save this recipe  Click the bookmark icon at the top of this page then go to  Saved Stories in My Post .
Storage  Refrigerate for up to  days.
Where to Buy  Madras curry powder can be found at specialty spice stores Indian and Asian markets and online.
Scale this recipe and get a printerfriendly desktop version here.
Ingredients  stalks lemongrass lower  inches of each coarsely chopped  slices each the size of a quarter fresh ginger  medium yellow onion  ounces coarsely chopped  tablespoons neutral oil such as canola  tablespoons  Madras curry powder  see headnote  teaspoon cayenne pepper   pounds bonein skinless chicken thighs or drumsticks trimmed of excess fat  ounces unsweetened fullfat coconut milk  teaspoon fine salt  teaspoon coarsely cracked black peppercorns  pound red potatoes peeled and cut into inch chunks  tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro Sliced baguette for serving optional  large lime cut into wedges Step  In a food processor combine the lemongrass ginger and onion and pulse until finely ground.
Step  In a large skillet or Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat heat the oil until it shimmers.
Add the fresh spice paste to the oil and stirfry until light brown and fragrant  to  minutes.
Stir in the curry powder and cayenne and cook until fragrant about  seconds.
Add the chicken and cook stirring until the pieces are coated in the curry spices  to  minutes.
Advertisement Step  Add the coconut milk salt and pepper and cook scraping the bottom of the pan until the mixture comes to a boil.
Reduce the heat to medium cover and simmer stirring occasionally until the chicken is partially cooked still very pink in the middle about  minutes.
Add the potatoes cover and continue to simmer until the potatoes are forktender and the chicken registers  degrees on a thermometer inserted in the thickest part  to  minutes.
Step  Ladle the curry into bowls garnish with the cilantro and serve hot with baguette slices if desired and wedges of lime on the side for squeezing.
Nutrition Information Per serving   cups Calories  Total Fat  g Saturated Fat  g Cholesterol  mg Sodium  mg Carbohydrates  g Dietary Fiber  g Sugar  g Protein  g Advertisement This analysis is an estimate based on available ingredients and this preparation.
It should not substitute for a dietitians or nutritionists advice.
Adapted from  On the Curry Trail  by Raghavan Iyer Workman .
Tested by Ann Maloney email questions to  voraciously@washpost.com .
Scale this recipe and get a printerfriendly desktop version here.
Browse our Recipe Finder for more than  Posttested recipes.
Did you make this recipe Take a photo and  tag us on Instagram  with #eatvoraciously  Comments Gift Article View more TOP STORIES Recommended Recipes Looking for inspiration Try these recipes to prepare dishes with confidence.
Perspective  Bulgogi meatballs defy tradition but their flavor remains Korean If sizzling fajitas are a lie we can still crave the delicious drama These Korean black bean noodles are salty sweet and pure comfort Try a different topic Sign in  or  create a free account  to save your preferences Company About The Post     Newsroom Policies  Standards     Diversity and Inclusion     Careers     Media  Community Relations     WP Creative Group     Accessibility Statement     Get The Post Gift Subscriptions     Mobile  Apps     Newsletters  Alerts     Washington Post Live     Reprints  Permissions     Post Store     Books  EBooks     Newspaper in Education     Print Archives Subscribers Only     Todays Paper     Public Notices     Contact Us Contact the Newsroom     Contact Customer Care     Contact the Opinions team     Advertise     Licensing  Syndication     Request a Correction     Send a News Tip     Report a Vulnerability     Terms of Use Digital Products Terms of Sale     Print Products Terms of Sale     Terms of Service     Privacy Policy     Cookie Settings     Submissions  Discussion Policy     RSS Terms of Service     Ad Choices     washingtonpost.com        The Washington Post washingtonpost.com       The Washington Post About The Post     Contact the Newsroom     Contact Customer Care     Request a Correction     Send a News Tip     Report a Vulnerability     Download the Washington Post App     Policies  Standards     Terms of Service     Privacy Policy     Cookie Settings     Print Products Terms of Sale     Digital Products Terms of Sale     Submissions  Discussion Policy     RSS Terms of Service     Ad Choices      Google Tag Manager noscript End Google Tag Manager noscript
