New Relic Browser snippet  should be before everything else The design nodes specified the header path.
Generally you can find this specified at etcdesignsSITEbasePageheader@header SDI include path contentfoodcomnavigationConfigsheaderjcrcontentheader.cache.html resourceType foodcomcomponentsnavigationheader Watch Full Seasons TV Schedule Newsletters Videos Sweepstakes Classes Magazine Blog Shows AZ Chefs AZ Restaurants Recipes on TV Recipes Recipes Mothers Day Dishes Comfort Food Recipes Ultimate Baking Guide Healthy Meals  More On TV See All Recipes Recipe of the Day Spaghetti with Oil and Garlic Aglio e Olio Trending Recipes Crispy PanFried Pork Chops Strawberry Ricotta Bruschetta Instant Pot Chicken Cacciatore Dump Dinner Mollys Carrot Cake with Spiced Cream Cheese Frosting Shows Shows TV Schedule See TV Schedule Valeries Home Cooking am  c Valeries Home Cooking am  c Valeries Home Cooking am  c Valeries Home Cooking am  c The Pioneer Woman am  c The Pioneer Woman am  c The Pioneer Woman am  c The Pioneer Woman am  c The Pioneer Woman pm  c The Pioneer Woman pm  c Guys Grocery Games pm  c Guys Grocery Games pm  c Tournament of Champions pm  c Guys Grocery Games pm  c Guys Grocery Games pm  c Guys Grocery Games pm  c Guys Grocery Games pm  c Guys Grocery Games pm  c On Tonight Guys Grocery Games pm  c Guys Grocery Games pm  c Guys Grocery Games am  c Guys Grocery Games am  c Guys Grocery Games am  c Guys Grocery Games am  c The Great Food Truck Race am  c See All Shows Popular Shows Ciao House Alex vs America Diners DriveIns and Dives In the Kitchen The Pioneer Woman The Kitchen Girl Meets Farm Chefs Chefs Chefs  Hosts Kardea Brown Ree Drummond Ina Garten Sunny Anderson Bobby Flay Valerie Bertinelli Guy Fieri Molly Yeh See All Chefs Trending Trending Trending Eats Newsletters The Latest TikToks Fruit RollUp Ice Cream Hack Lives Up to the Hype Just Eat the NonOrganic Blueberries – Heres Why You Should Disregard the ‘Dirty Dozen Jadeite Dishes Are Making a Comeback — Heres What You Need to Know About This Trend Currently Obsessed With... Taco Bell Brings Back Its Volcano Menu Which Includes the ‘Spiciest Burrito Ever Hydro Flask Wants You to Trade In Your Old Water Bottles Shop Shop Product Reviews Gift Ideas Shop Everything Newsletter Shop Now Whats New  Best Wine Glasses for Every Type of Drinker According to a Sommelier We Tried Caraways Cookware Set and It Lives Up to the Hype  Best Tequilas According to a Spirits Expert  Best Bento Boxes That Will Instantly Upgrade Your Packed Lunch The Best Compost Bins According to Gardeners and Farmers Sweepstakes Sweepstakes Spring Into Cooking All Sweepstakes  Contests Enter Daily for Your Chance to Win $ Whats on TV Clear Icon Search Icon Home Recipes Winter Weeknight Dinners Theres nothing better than cozying up on a chilly winter night with a good homecooked meal.
These recipes make that possible — even on busy weeknights.
Save Collection Pinterest Facebook Twitter Email Related To Winter Main Dish Chicken Marsala Photo By Armando Rafael Moutela  Television Food Network G.P.
All Rights Reserved.
Cooking Channel LLC.
All Rights Reserved.
Speedy Teriyaki Salmon Skirt Steak with Cheesy Mashed Potatoes Spaghetti alla Carbonara Photo By Armando Rafael Moutela  Television Food Network G.P.
All Rights Reserved.
Cooking Channel LLC.
All Rights Reserved.
FlaxseedCrusted Salmon with a Grape and Walnut Salsa Chicken Quesadillas Photo By Armando Rafael DijonTarragon Chicken Mashed Potatoes and Rainbow Chard Photo By Scott Gries Tomato Bisque Photo By Tara Donne  Television Food Network G.P.
All Rights Reserved.
Angel Hair with SunDried Tomatoes and Goat Cheese Photo By Armando Rafael Portuguese Chourico and Kale Soup Photo By Armando Rafael Taco Pockets Photo By Armando Rafael Moutela  Television Food Network G.P.
All Rights Reserved.
Cooking Channel LLC.
All Rights Reserved.
Fusilli with Sausage Artichokes and SunDried Tomatoes Photo By Armando Rafael Moutela  Television Food Network G.P.
All Rights Reserved.
Cooking Channel LLC.
All Rights Reserved.
Chicken Mug Pie Photo By Armando Rafael Chicken with Brussels Sprouts and Apple Cider Sauce Photo By RYAN DAUSCH Spaghetti and Meatballs Photo By Armando Rafael Chicken Sausage Pepper and Onion Pasta FakeBake Photo By Armando Rafael Chicken Provencal "Stoup" Photo By Armando Rafael Florentine Meatballs Photo By Armando Rafael  Television Food Network G.P.
All Rights Reserved Sausage Beans and Broccoli Rabe Soup Crispy Cod with Lentils Chunky Chicken Chowder Steak with Blue Cheese Potatoes Photo By Christopher Testani Creamy Orzo with Mushrooms Photo By RYAN DAUSCH Sausage White Bean and Tortellini Soup Carne Asada Tacos with CarrotPepper Slaw Photo By Christopher Testani CarrotGinger Soup with Roasted Vegetables Photo By RYAN DAUSCH FourCheese Pasta with Peas and Ham Photo By Antonis Achilleos Winter Layered Salad with Beets and Brussels Sprouts Photo By Matt Armendariz  Television Food Network G.P.
All Rights Reserved SlowCooker Chicken Curry Photo By RYAN DAUSCH Winter Minestrone Photo By Armando Rafael Moutela  Television Food Network G.P.
All Rights Reserved.
Cooking Channel LLC.
All Rights Reserved.
Pork with SweetandSour Squash Photo By RYAN DAUSCH SlowCooker Beef Paprikash Easy Chicken Curry with Vegetables French Onion Soup Photo By Tara Donne  Television Food Network G.P.
All Rights Reserved.
Rachaels Lemon Chicken Photo By Tara Donne Tara Donne Asian Marinated Pork Chops Photo By Armando Rafael Moutela  Television Food Network G.P.
All Rights Reserved.
Cooking Channel LLC.
All Rights Reserved.
Pork and Green Bean StirFry Photo By RYAN DAUSCH Salisbury Steak with Mushrooms Photo By Antonis Achilleos Baked Spinach Ravioli Photo By RYAN DAUSCH MapleGlazed Chicken Photo By Antonis Achilleos SlowCooker Pork with Noodles Photo By Antonis Achilleos MushroomGorgonzola Cream Sauce Flank Steak with Broccoli Mac and Cheese Photo By RYAN DAUSCH Thai Pork and Noodles Photo By Antonis Achilleos Chicken and Barley Soup Photo By RYAN DAUSCH Cuban BeefandPotato Sandwiches Photo By RYAN DAUSCH Shrimp and Avocado Burritos Photo By RYAN DAUSCH Spaghetti with Quick Turkey Chili Photo By Andrew Purcell Shepherds Pie Baked Potatoes Photo By RYAN DAUSCH Beef Stroganoff Photo By Pacific TV Chicken Marsala Tyler Florence cooks cremini mushrooms and prosciutto strips in the same skillet that the chicken is cooked in to keep the brown bits and caramelized pieces of the chicken in the overall dish.
Get the Recipe Chicken Marsala Speedy Teriyaki Salmon Ree flavors quickcooking salmon fillets with storebought teriyaki sauce and serves them alongside microwave jasmine rice for a complete meal in a matter of minutes.
Get the Recipe Speedy Teriyaki Salmon Skirt Steak with Cheesy Mashed Potatoes Skirt steak has a long flat shape so it only needs a few minutes per side to reach doneness.what to do with all that extra time Make cheesy mashed potatoes from scratch — and get dinner on the table in well under an hour.
Get the Recipe Skirt Steak with Cheesy Mashed Potatoes Spaghetti alla Carbonara Eggs and Parmesan cheese act as a thickener to make a creamy sauce for this pasta.
The eggs will cook as the mixture is stirred into the hot spaghetti.
To thin out the sauce add a bit of reserved pasta water.
Get the Recipe Spaghetti alla Carbonara FlaxseedCrusted Salmon with a Grape and Walnut Salsa How many superfoods can you pack into one quickandeasy meal This delicious weeknight dinner has four walnuts flaxseed raw honey and salmon.
Get the Recipe FlaxseedCrusted Salmon with a Grape and Walnut Salsa Chicken Quesadillas These quesadillas are one of Rees familys favorite dinners.
And lets be honest When its cold out all you really need is something cheesy and carby full of quick weeknight comfort.
Get the Recipe Chicken Quesadillas DijonTarragon Chicken Mashed Potatoes and Rainbow Chard You wont beleive how much flavor is packed into this minute meal.
Bold ingredients like garlic white wine Dijon mustard fresh tarragon and bacon work together to create a chicken dinner thats sweet saovry and wellseasoned.
Get the Recipe DijonTarragon Chicken Mashed Potatoes with Brie or Camembert and Rainbow Chard with Bacon and Leeks Tomato Bisque By incorporating heavy cream minced bacon and spices its easy to transform a can of tomatoes into a silky soup.
Get the Recipe Tomato Bisque Angel Hair with SunDried Tomatoes and Goat Cheese Sundried tomatoes lend intense savoriness to Giadas pasta dinner and punctured by the saltysharpness of fresh goat cheese its ready in just  minutes.
Get the Recipe Angel Hair with Sundried Tomatoes and Goat Cheese Portuguese Chourico and Kale Soup "This recipe is a quick version of a wonderful soup I had in Mystic Conn. a Portuguese community nestled by the sea in New England" Rachael says.
"This soup is a winter wonder."
Get the Recipe Portuguese Chourico and Kale Soup Taco Pockets Rachael adds onions directly into beef patties so they keep a little bit of extra moisture.
Turning the lean meat and traditional taco seasonings into patties makes the finished dish much easier to eat in a soft tortilla wrap.
Get the Recipe Taco Pockets Fusilli with Sausage Artichokes and SunDried Tomatoes Bring big flavor to a simple pasta dish by loading it up with spicy Italian sausage fresh herbs artichoke hearts and sundried tomatoes packed in oil.
Get the Recipe Fusilli with Sausage Artichokes and SunDried Tomatoes Chicken Mug Pie Rachaels minute take on chicken pot pie is made even cuter and more convenient by being served in mugs with handles.
Get the Recipe Chicken Mug Pie Chicken with Brussels Sprouts and Apple Cider Sauce Put your oven to work during the week with this simple roast chicken recipe.
Chicken breasts cook in apple cider soaking up tons of flavor while a fruit and veggie medley cooks on another rack simultaneously.
Get the Recipe Chicken and Brussels Sprouts with Apple Cider Sauce Spaghetti and Meatballs Can you believe Rachaels spaghetti and meatballs are ready in just  minutes Get the Recipe Spaghetti and Meatballs Chicken Sausage Pepper and Onion Pasta FakeBake Rachaels minute pasta "fakebake" is prepared primarily on the stove and then thrown under the broiler at the very end just until the cheese melts.
Get the Recipe Chicken Sausage Pepper and Onion Pasta FakeBake Chicken Provencal "Stoup" A "stoup" is thicker than soup and thinner than stew — and best of all a onepot meal.
Get the Recipe Chicken Provencal "Stoup" Florentine Meatballs Drizzle spinachpacked turkey meatballs in a creamy provolone cheese sauce for a delectable update on meatball night thats ready to go in  minutes.
Get the Recipe Florentine Meatballs Sausage Beans and Broccoli Rabe Soup It takes just  minutes to make Rachaels soup a comforting recipe simmered with sweet Italian sausage and perfect for rainy days.
Get the Recipe Sausage Beans and Broccoli Rabe Soup Crispy Cod with Lentils Precooked lentils are the key to this quickanddelicious dinner.
If you cant find them at your local supermarket try cooking them over the weekend and storing them in the refigerator until youre ready to use them.
Get the Recipe Crispy Cod with Lentils Chunky Chicken Chowder Before transforming it into a warming soup with potatoes corn and heavy cream brown the chicken in the pot to add intense savory flavor.
Get the Recipe Chunky Chicken Chowder Steak with Blue Cheese Potatoes Baked potatoes stuffed with blue cheese sour cream and chopped herbs are the perfect accompaniment to a substantial steak meal.
Get the Recipe Steak With Blue Cheese Potatoes Creamy Orzo with Mushrooms Who has time for risotto on weeknights This creamy pasta dish is an ideal shortcut for any risottolover looking for a quick cheesy vegetarian version.
Get the Recipe Creamy Orzo with Mushrooms Sausage White Bean and Tortellini Soup Use storebought pesto canned beans and tortellini to cut down on time.
Get the Recipe Sausage White Bean and Tortellini Soup Carne Asada Tacos with CarrotPepper Slaw It doesnt take long to grill sirloin steaks for carne asada tacos.
Shred carrots and grate bell peppers for an easy crunchy slaw.
Get the Recipe Grilled Steak Tacos with Carrot Pepper Slaw CarrotGinger Soup with Roasted Vegetables Add a can of beans to vegetable purees like we did here.
It adds fiber and makes the soup extra filling.
Get the Recipe CarrotGinger Soup with Roasted Vegetables FourCheese Pasta with Peas and Ham Creamy pasta plus ham and cheeese equals a meal that will please the whole family.
Get the Recipe FourCheese Pasta With Peas and Ham Winter Layered Salad with Beets and Brussels Sprouts Layered is the new chopped Weve taken winters best vegetables and gone vertical for this colorful salad.
We love the tenderchewy barley but it can be swapped out for your favorite whole grain like brown rice or quinoa.
Get the Recipe Winter Layered Salad with Beets and Brussels Sprouts SlowCooker Chicken Curry Start this Thaistyle curry in the morning and finish it off with a garnish of peanuts cilantro and lime after work for a stressfree dinner.
Get the Recipe SlowCooker Chicken Curry Winter Minestrone Pureed cannellini beans with beef broth add a creaminess to this hearty soup and whole cannellini beans add another layer of texture.
Giada De Laurentiis secret weapon in this recipe is a frozen Parmesan rind It melts slowly and adds a salty buttery flavor to the soup.
Get the Recipe Winter Minestrone Pork with SweetandSour Squash Make the most of seasonal squash with this simple pork dinner.
Youll roast butternut squash to bring out the sweet flavors and add capers for a touch of briny salt.
Get the Recipe Pork with SweetandSour Squash SlowCooker Beef Paprikash The lowandslow option makes perfect sense for a workday — eight hours later and dinner is served Get the Recipe Slow Cooker Beef Paprikash Easy Chicken Curry with Vegetables Even the pickiest kids will love Melissas Easy Chicken Curry with Vegetables.
Bulking up the curry with broccoli and carrots stretches the chicken breasts even further.
Get the Recipe Easy Chicken Curry with Vegetables French Onion Soup Layered with brandy dry sherry and sweet onions Ina Gartens soup staple is best soaked up with crusty bread.
Get the Recipe French Onion Soup Rachaels Lemon Chicken Turn your dinner into a takeoutinspired meal at home with Rachael Rays chicken dish.
Get the Recipe Lemon Chicken Asian Marinated Pork Chops Make your own panAsian fusion dinner on a budget with Melissa dArabian.
Panroast the pork chops to a juicy perfection and serve with an orange glaze.
Use a combination of easytofind ingredients plus a few specialty items from the international aisle in your supermarket.
Get the Recipe Asian Marinated Pork Chops Pork and Green Bean StirFry Food Network Magazines version of this takeout favorite calls for half a jalapeno pepper to add some heat to the dish.
Get the Recipe Pork and Green Bean StirFry with Ginger Cilantro and Mint Salisbury Steak with Mushrooms Smother ground beef and sage patties with a mixed mushroom sauce and serve with buttered egg noodles.
Get the Recipe Salisbury Steak With Mushrooms Baked Spinach Ravioli Turn refrigerated ravioli into a creamy cheesy dinner thats ready to eat in just  minutes.
Get the Recipe Baked Spinach Ravioli MapleGlazed Chicken Toss chicken with apples and maple syrup for a delicious dinner thats ready in just  minutes.
Get the Recipe MapleGlazed Chicken SlowCooker Pork with Noodles On a chilly night theres nothing better than a warming bowl of Asianstyle soup loaded with rice noodles bok choy and tender pork.
Get the Recipe SlowCooker Pork With Noodles MushroomGorgonzola Cream Sauce Heavy cream and gorgonzla add rich hearty flavor to this mushroombased sauce.
Get the Recipe MushroomGorgonzola Cream Sauce Flank Steak with Broccoli Mac and Cheese Make your own mac and cheese for the kids with this shortcut recipe — all you need is milk and a few slices of American cheese Get the Recipe Flank Steak with Broccoli Mac and Cheese Thai Pork and Noodles Skip the restaurant and make these Thai rice noodles that are mixed with pork chops.
The secret ingredient Brown sugar.
Get the Recipe Thai Pork and Noodles Chicken and Barley Soup Chicken soup always hits the spot on a chilly day.
This one calls for hearty barley for something more filling.
Get the Recipe Chicken and Barley Soup Cuban BeefandPotato Sandwiches Have your meat and potatoes between the bread for a hearty weeknight meal thats ready in just  minutes.
Get the Recipe Cuban BeefandPotato Sandwiches Shrimp and Avocado Burritos Sometimes you need fresher flavors to break up hearty comfort food during the winter months.
These burritos are packed with shrimp and fresh avocado for lighter flavors that are still filling.
Get the Recipe Shrimp and Avocado Burritos Spaghetti with Quick Turkey Chili Turn ground turkey into an easy chili and serve over spaghetti for dinner thats done in just  minutes.
Get the Recipe Spaghetti With Quick Turkey Chili Shepherds Pie Baked Potatoes Skip the oversized casserole and turn shepherds pie into a more individual affair.
Youll top each baked potato with all the classic ingredients and broil them until the cheese is perfectly melted.
Get the Recipe Cottage Pie Baked Potatoes Beef Stroganoff This retro stroganoff brings Ree back to her childhood in the s. It may be a vintage flavor but your family will love it — and youll love that its ready to eat in just  minutes Get the Recipe Beef Stroganoff More from Winter Weeknight Dinners Next Up Easy Winter Side Dish Recipes  Photos Winter Desserts from the Pantry  Photos Winter Weeknight Dinners in Under an Hour  Photos  Winter Iced Teas and Punches  Photos  Ways to Eat Fresh Snow  Photos Winter Desserts in Under an Hour  Photos  Spring Weeknight Dinners Everyone Will Love  Photos Minute Dinner Recipes Thatll Save Your Weeknights  Photos Weeknight Dinners in  Minutes or Less  Photos  Mouthwatering Grilled Dinner Ideas  Photos We Recommend Minute Dinner Recipes Thatll Save Your Weeknights  Photos Our Best Sheet Pan Recipes  Photos  Christmas Dinner Recipes to Fill Your Table  Photos  Easy Elegant Holiday Appetizer Recipes  Photos The Best Recipes from Giadas Holiday Handbook  Photos  Weeknight Dinners the Whole Family Will Love  Photos to include this file in an jsp use the following cqinclude script"brightEdge.html" If need to hardcode pagePath use this pagePathoutdoorsoutdoorremodelpatiogazeboscountry Site Map Visitor Agreement AdChoices Privacy Notice About Newsroom Advertise Help TV Ratings Online Closed Captioning California Privacy Notice Accessibility Newsletters Discovery Inc. Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information International Editions United States Asia Brazil Canada Europe Middle East  Africa United Kingdom Latin America The Discovery Family of Networks HGTV Food.com Travel Channel TLC.com Discovery.com Cooking Channel    Warner Bros.
Discovery Inc. or its subsidiaries and affiliates.
All rights reserved.
Pinterest Facebook Twitter Email OneTrust Cookies Consent Notice start OneTrust Cookies Consent Notice end
