Google Optimize Page hiding snippet End Google Optimize Google Tag Manager End Google Tag Manager if lte IE body class"ie"endif if gte IE body class"ie"endif Skip to main content Google Tag Manager noscript End Google Tag Manager noscript Eater homepage Follow Eater online Subscribe Log in or sign up Log In Sign Up Site search Search Eater main menu Cities TRAVEL At Home WINE CLUB GASTROPOD Video Punch More Cities Atlanta Austin Boston Carolinas Chicago Dallas Denver Detroit Houston Las Vegas Los Angeles Miami Nashville New Orleans New York Philadelphia Phoenix Portland OR San Diego San Francisco Seattle Twin Cities Washington DC TRAVEL At Home WINE CLUB GASTROPOD Video Punch ✕ Filed under Recipes Eater at Home Rick Martínezs Rajas con Crema Quiche Recipe Is the ‘Ultimate Comfort Food The cookbook author puts a Mexican spin on the brunch classic by Jaya Saxena Apr   am EDT If you buy something from an Eater link Vox Media may earn a commission.
See our  ethics policy .
Share this story Share this on Facebook Share this on Twitter Share All sharing options Share All sharing options for Rick Martínezs Rajas con Crema Quiche Recipe Is the ‘Ultimate Comfort Food Pocket Flipboard Email Dina ÁvilaEater Rick Martínez did not grow up eating rajas con crema the first time he tried the dish was about three years ago as he was researching for his cookbook  Mi Cocina .
The flavors were familiar but it was a combination of things that I had never had before he says.
And to me it was just so comforting.
What he did grow up eating and loving was quiche.
His mom had one recipe in her repertoire likely given to her on an index card by one of her coworkers that mixed spinach Swiss cheese tomatoes and celery seed.
This is the s and s so quiches werent crazy common certainly in Texas Martínez says but he and his dad always anticipated quiche night.
So when he thought to combine the flavors of rajas con crema with quiche it felt fated.
Its something very new and then mashed up with something very old and comforting he says.
And so the combination is just sort of ultimate comfort food.
The rajas con crema quiche emphasizes the dishs creaminess and mellowness mixing soft baked egg with cream queso fresco and sweet starchy corn.
Its also made even richer by being baked in a deepdish pie pan Martínez uses one from  Oxo .
Youre getting that pop of charred poblano but everything else is just super rich and creamy and eggy he says.
There is also perhaps a more historical reason these flavors go together Martínez notes the  French occupation of Mexico  resulted in quite a lot of French influence particularly in the central part of the country in Mexico City.
French staples like bechamel sauce and crepes have since found a home in Mexican cuisine.
Like any quiche this one is adaptable depending on what you have.
Martínez says if you can find Mexican corn its starchier and more toothsome than its sweeter American counterpart but either will work fine.
Also if your grocery doesnt have queso fresco farmers cheese or dollops of ricotta will give you that creamy but fresh texture.
Here Martínez pairs the quiche with a tomatillo vinaigrette which can be drizzled on top or tossed with a side salad but the quiche works well with any acidic salsa or side.
Its going to be good if you have a little something to cleanse the palate says Martínez and then go back in as if it was your first bite.
Rajas con Crema Quiche With TomatilloSerrano Vinaigrette Recipe Serves  Ingredients For the crust  teaspoons sugar ½ teaspoons sea salt  cups allpurpose flour plus more for surface  tablespoons cold unsalted butter cut into pieces  tablespoons cold lard or vegetable shortening  tablespoon apple cider vinegar ½ tablespoons ice water For the filling and assembly  large poblano chilies  tablespoons unsalted butter ¼ large white onion chopped about ⅓ cup  garlic clove finely chopped  large ear of corn kernels removed or  cup frozen corn thawed and drained  tablespoon sea salt  large eggs at room temperature  ½ cups whole milk  cup crema Mexican sour cream or sour cream  ounces ¾ cup crumbed queso fresco or farmers cheese For the tomatilloserrano vinaigrette  ounces tomatillos husks removed rinsed and quartered ¼ small white onion roughly chopped  serrano chilies roughly chopped seeds removed for mild heat  garlic clove peeled  tablespoon light agave syrup or honey  teaspoons sea salt ⅓ packed cup cilantro leaves and tender stems ½ cup extravirgin olive oil romaine or little gem lettuce leaves for serving Tools  inch deep dish inch deep pie plate Instructions For the crust Step   Pulse the sugar salt and  cups flour in a food processor until combined.
Add the butter and lard and pulse until the mixture resembles coarse meal with a few pieces of butter and lard visible about  onesecond pulses.
With the motor running drizzle in the vinegar and ice water and pulse until the dough is still crumbly but just holds together when squeezed add  teaspoon water at a time if necessary but be careful not to overwork the dough.
Step   Turn out the dough onto a work surface.
Knead  to  times pressing just to incorporate any shaggy pieces.
Flatten into a inchwide disk.
Wrap with plastic wrap and chill for at least  hours.
Step   Arrange a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to  degrees.
On a lightly floured work surface roll out the dough to a inch round.
Transfer to a inch deepdish cup pie plate.
Pick up the edges and allow the dough to slump down into the dish letting the excess dough hang over the edge of the rim.
Trim the dough leaving about a inch overhang.
Fold the overhang under pinch and crimp.
Chill  minutes.
Step   Line the dough with parchment paper or foil leaving some overhang.
Fill with pie weights or dried beans.
Bake until the crust is dry around the edges and just beginning to lightly brown  to  minutes.
Carefully remove the parchment and weights and reduce the oven temperature to  degrees.
Bake until the crust is set and begins to brown in the center  to  minutes.
Transfer to a wire rack and let cool.
Do ahead The dough can be made  days ahead keep chilled or freeze up to  months.
The crust can be baked one day ahead tightly wrap and store at room temperature.
For the filling and assembly Step   Using a gas stove or grill on high heat char the poblanos directly over the flame resting the peppers on the grates until charred on all sides about  minutes per side.
Alternatively arrange a rack directly under the broiler and preheat to high.
Char the poblanos on a rimmed baking sheet under the broiler turning occasionally until charred on all sides  to  minutes per side.
Transfer to a large bowl wrap tightly with plastic wrap and let steam for  minutes.
Carefully remove the stems peel and seeds from each pepper use gloves if you have them.
Chop and set aside until ready to use.
Step   Heat the butter in a large skillet preferably castiron over medium and cook onion garlic corn and  teaspoon salt tossing occasionally until lightly browned  to  minutes.
Add the poblanos and cook until any excess liquid evaporates and mixture is dry about  minute.
Let cool about  minutes.
Step   Arrange a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to  degrees.
Combine the eggs milk crema and  teaspoons of the salt in a blender on mediumlow speed until completely smooth and homogenous about  seconds.
Step   Place the pie plate on a rimmed baking sheet.
Sprinkle the cheese evenly over the bottom of crust.
Top with the poblano mixture.
Pour half of the custard into the crust.
Transfer the quiche to the oven then carefully pour the remaining custard into the crust adding the rest this way will prevent it from spilling during the quiches transfer to the oven.
Bake the quiche until its edges are set but its center slightly wobbles  to  minutes it will continue to set after baking.
Transfer to a wire rack and let cool for at least  hours before slicing.
Do ahead The quiche can be baked  day ahead.
Tightly wrap and chill.
Serve warm or at room temperature alongside greens drizzled with the vinaigrette.
For the vinaigrette Step   Puree the tomatillos onion serranos garlic agave syrup and salt in a blender until smooth.
Add the cilantro and puree until the cilantro is finely chopped.
With the motor running on low speed drizzle in the oil until emulsified.
Taste and season with salt or agave if necessary.
To thin the dressing add a tablespoon or two of water and adjust the seasoning.
Makes  cups.
Dina Ávila  is a photographer in Portland Oregon.
Recipe tested by Ivy Manning Sign up for the Sign up for Eaters newsletter The freshest news from the food world every day Thanks for signing up Check your inbox for a welcome email.
Email  required Oops.
Something went wrong.
Please enter a valid email and try again.
By submitting your email you agree to our  Terms  and  Privacy Notice .
You can opt out at any time.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google  Privacy Policy  and  Terms of Service  apply.
Subscribe More From Eater Sign up for the Sign up for Eaters newsletter The freshest news from the food world every day Thanks for signing up Check your inbox for a welcome email.
Email  required Oops.
Something went wrong.
Please enter a valid email and try again.
By submitting your email you agree to our  Terms  and  Privacy Notice .
You can opt out at any time.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google  Privacy Policy  and  Terms of Service  apply.
Subscribe Most Read The Ultimate Guide to Californias Best Burritos How did one state get blessed with so many delicious burritos Water ‘Recipes Are TikToks Latest Dubious Diet Culture Fad Why birthday cake water peach ring water and other "recipes" for dessertflavored water are trending on the platform Rick Martínezs Rajas con Crema Quiche Recipe Is the ‘Ultimate Comfort Food The cookbook author puts a Mexican spin on the brunch classic The  Essential Mexico City Restaurants Barbacoa and chicharron tacos in Roma Norte a rooftop for golden hour cocktails a homey Baja hangout for oxtail noodles the best stands in mazelike La Merced market and more of CDMXs best meals The Latest Water ‘Recipes Are TikToks Latest Dubious Diet Culture Fad By Amy McCarthy How I Got My Job Creating Culinary Gardens for Restaurants and Homes By Morgan Goldberg The Best and Worst Candy Eggs Ranked By Amy McCarthy Mimi Sheraton the New York Times First Female Food Critic Dies By Jaya Saxena Everything You Ever Wanted to Know About Taro Dont let the threat of a scratchy throat scare you off from this deliciously starchy and versatile root veggie By Claudia Geib What Effect Does Michelin Have on a Citys Dining Scene Six months after Michelin bestowed its firstever stars upon Vancouver BC the local restaurant scene is readjusting By Nikki Bayley Sign up for the Sign up for the Eater newsletter The freshest news from the food world every day Thanks for signing up Check your inbox for a welcome email.
Email  required Oops.
Something went wrong.
Please enter a valid email and try again.
By submitting your email you agree to our  Terms  and  Privacy Notice .
You can opt out at any time.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google  Privacy Policy  and  Terms of Service  apply.
Subscribe close Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Info Licensing FAQ Accessibility Platform Status Contact Send Us a Tip Community Guidelines Masthead About Eater Ethics Statement Press Room Newsletters How to Pitch Vox Media Vox Media logo.
Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media    Vox Media  LLC.
All Rights Reserved Share this story Twitter Facebook Phonograph End Phonograph
