jump to content my subreddits edit subscriptions popular  all  random  users    AskReddit  funny  worldnews  gaming  pics  movies  videos  explainlikeimfive  news  todayilearned  OldSchoolCool  mildlyinteresting  books  LifeProTips  aww  TwoXChromosomes  Jokes  dataisbeautiful  science  nottheonion  Music  IAmA  tifu  UpliftingNews  Showerthoughts  photoshopbattles  askscience  Futurology  gifs  space  food  gadgets  Art  DIY  nosleep  Documentaries  GetMotivated  history  WritingPrompts  InternetIsBeautiful  philosophy  sports  EarthPorn  creepy  announcements  listentothis  blog more »   recipes comments Want to join  Log in  or  sign up  in seconds.
English limit my search to rrecipes use the following search parameters to narrow your results subreddit subreddit find submissions in "subreddit" author username find submissions by "username" site example.com find submissions from "example.com" url text search for "text" in url selftext text search for "text" in self post contents selfyes or selfno include or exclude self posts nsfwyes or nsfwno include or exclude results marked as NSFW e.g.
subredditaww siteimgur.com dog see the search faq for details.
advanced search by author subreddit... this post was submitted on    Apr     points  % upvoted shortlink   remember me reset password login Submit your image and formatted recipe Get an adfree experience with special benefits and directly support Reddit.
get reddit premium recipes join leave    readers    users here now Share your cooking repertoire with our community Filters Dessert Beef Pasta Pork Poultry Seafood Vegetarian Discussion Drink Budget Question Picture Remove Filters Rules All recipes must be formatted properly.
youll get an orangered on comments.
All posts require mod approval and are auto removed until so  How to submit a well formatted recipe can be found  here ...  OR SEE THIS EXAMPLE HERE ... or try these tips   One hyper link per recipe .
All posts must have a formatted text recipe.
BlogYTIGTweeter links can only be in the formatted text recipes and users must follow site wide self promotion guidelines of posting .
Url shorteners bit.ly and amazon links are not allowed.
One link per post.
Deletes and reposts without mod direction will result in account removal.
No food porn.
No polls.
No excessive self promotion without engagement.
Link post must contain the formatted recipe in the comments.
We only allow direct post links from imgur.com and i.reddituploads.com.
VIDEO POSTS ARE NOT ALLOWED.
Self posts may contain links but the recipe must be formatted and approved.
a.
We enforce reddiquette as a rule.
Be constructive if you criticize or do not comment with hateful rude political or otherwise unnecessary comments to troll.
We do not allow hate spite bigotry racism or otherwise mean users here.
No warnings instant ban Recipe titles should be clear and concise.
HOW TO SUBMIT A POST Submit your image link.
It will be auto filtered.
Type up a formatted text recipe in the comments.
Copy the url of your new post and send a modmail with the url pasted link in the modmail.
We will review the post.
We will coach and approve or remove the post at our discretion.
Related Subreddits Food Cooking Sandwiches Budget Food Whats In My Cupboard SlowCooking Tonights Dinner MimicRecipes a community for   years MODERATORS message the mods discussions in  rrecipes   X    ·   comments   Keema Curry    ·   comments   Roasted cauliflower with mashed potatoes and beetroots    ·   comments    Minute Smoked Salmon Toast with Eggs Herbs and Pea Puree    ·   comments   MisoGlazed Asparagus and Pearl Onions    ·   comments   Duck Dumplings    ·   comments   Spanakorizo Greek Spinach Rice Recipe With Shrimp    ·   comments   Almond Flour Blueberry Muffins    ·   comments   Mutton Pulao    ·   comments   A salmon fillet with a Mediterranean kick    ·   comments   Highly addictive Moroccan almond cigars Welcome to Reddit the front page of the internet.
Become a Redditor and join one of thousands of communities.
×    Slow Roasted Lamb Shanks for Easter  a deceptively simple fancy dinner OC Recipe    i.redd.it  submitted   days ago  by  ServedWithRice  comments share save hide report loading... all  comments sorted by  best top new controversial old random qa live beta Want to add to the discussion Post a comment Create an account – ServedWithRice  S     points  points  points    days ago    children Complete step by step pictures as well as tips on presentation and prep are in the  original recipe .
Ingredients Lamb shanks one per serving Mashed potatoes about one large Russet per portion pecorino cheese and butter to taste.
Vegetables of choice I used frozen fine beans and carrots about half an lb per person Soup I just used a corn soup bouillon and fancied it up a bit Dessert Panna cotta is pretty low effort and high reward.
I used .g of gelatine powder a dash of sugar and about ml of milk.
But substituting some or all of the milk for cream makes for a richer product and corn starch can work in lieu of gelatine.
Some vanilla powder or extract would also be nice as is fruit for topping.
Instructions Cover lamb shanks with salt and pepper two days before serving.
The next day Cover shanks with foil and roast at cf for  to  hours or until tender.
Meanwhile make mashed potatoes with pecorino and butter and keep refrigerated until ready to serve.
Bloom about .g of gelatine powder in a bit of hot water and whisk it along with a tiny dash of sugar into about ml of milk heated on the stove until lukewarm.
Poured it into two ramekins and let them set overnight in the fridge covered with plastic wrap.
On the day you want to eat Pull the shanks out of the fridge and broil until well browned.
Sop up the drippings with bread and make croutons.
Make soup according to package instructions while the shanks are broiling.
Pul croutons out of the oven before they burn and serve with the soup while the oven continues to keep the shanks warm.
When ready for the main course microwave the mashed potatoes saute your vegetables and build your plate.
Enjoy conversation and some wine before pulling the panna cotta out of the fridge and serving for dessert.
Enjoy permalink embed save report give award reply – YetAnotherCents    points  points  points    days ago    children Honestly the hardest part is finding the lamb shanks.
permalink embed save report give award reply – sweeny    points  points  points    days ago    child  on the shank  for everything else.
Those poor veggies permalink embed save report give award reply – TinFoilRainHat    points  points  points    days ago    children Dunno why youre being down voted you are right.
permalink embed save parent report give award reply – cndinazyskblz    points  points  points    days ago    children Yesterday because of inflation I decided to see what I can get away with cheap meal wise.
I brought a lemon pepper rotisserie chicken at Walmart prolly Perdue due to how gargantuan it was.
It was awful tasteless for the most part and too salty with a weird artificial lemonpepper thing going on.
The downside of knowing how to cook is realizing when something is garbage.
I gave it to a homeless guy on my way to work this morning.
I live in a goodtasty food desert.
That looks good btw.
Whats the sauce permalink embed save report give award reply – ServedWithRice  S     points  points  points    days ago    child The biggest takeaway from learning to cook for me is knowing which things are worth ordering out for.
Ive basically stopped ordering pasta at restaurants.
The sauce is just some balsamic syrup glaze that came straight out of a bottle haha.
I just used it to jazz up the appearance a bit.
No shame in store bought if it looks and tastes good permalink embed save parent report give award reply – morebeansmrtaggart    points  points  points    days ago    children Same for most Chinese restaurants where I live.
Fry some cheap meat to death soak it in some sugary sauce stir in some undercooked onion msg and serve.
permalink embed save parent report give award reply – Appletio    points  points  points    days ago    children I love the chocolate sauce permalink embed save report give award reply – koinkadink    points  points  points    days ago    children the green beans omg permalink embed save report give award reply – slabameat    point  points  points    days ago    children Those veggies look way overcooked permalink embed save report give award reply – piroskamcs    point  points  points    days ago    children Oh yum I love those Used to get them for NZ c once.
Now saw some in supermarket for $ each Madness.
Havent had any in  along time youd think there was a shortage of sheep here.
permalink embed save report give award reply – ServedWithRice  S     points  point  points    days ago    child c sounds like a lovely deal permalink embed save parent report give award reply – piroskamcs    points  point  points    days ago    children Yeah but it was decades ago.
Now they costs a fortune.
permalink embed save parent report give award reply  Radicularia   comment score below threshold  points  points  points    days ago    children Now I just news to find some guests who would consider it ‘fancy.. permalink embed save report give award reply – DashofLuck    points  point  points    days ago    child damn... can I come over permalink embed save report give award reply – ServedWithRice  S     point  points  points    days ago    children Any time  permalink embed save parent report give award reply – Buit    points  point  points    days ago    children Except during Good Friday.
permalink embed save report give award reply about blog about advertising careers help site rules Reddit help center reddiquette mod guidelines contact us apps  tools Reddit for iPhone Reddit for Android mobile website  reddit premium reddit coins Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our  User Agreement  and  Privacy Policy .
reddit inc. All rights reserved.
REDDIT and the ALIEN Logo are registered trademarks of reddit inc.
Advertise  lifestyles π   Rendered by PID  on  redditservicerarmtestddqwqm  at  .
running unknown country code US.
