Skip to main content Newsletter To revisit this article select My Account then     View saved stories Close Alert Sign In Recipes Ingredients Cooking Culture Shopping Restaurants Videos Podcast Merch Recipes Ingredients Cooking Culture Shopping More Open Navigation Menu To revisit this article visit My Profile then     View saved stories Close Alert Recipes Find the best recipes for breakfast lunch and dinner.
That means eggs chicken pasta and everything else you can imagine.
recipes Fried Catfish This crispy fried catfish recipe from Nashville icon Arnolds requires some prep and patience but the crunchy cornmeal crust is worth it.
recipes BAs Ultimate Lobster Rolls Toss chilled lobster tail and claw meat with mayonnaise lemon juice and celery then stuff into buttery toasted rolls for these kingofseafood sandwiches.
recipes Anytime Almond Cake This plushy almond cake with toastedsugar edges is the perfect match for sweet fruit and a dollop of softly whipped cream.
recipes TripleChocolate Brownies Meet Chris Moroccos ideal brownie fudgy rich and plenty chocolaty.
recipes Mai Tai Evoke the tropics with one sip of this classic cocktail.
recipes Moussaka Our best recipe for moussaka has layers of eggplant rich tomato sauce with ground lamb and a pillowy bronzed béchamel top.
Plus It can be made ahead.
recipes Creamy Rabbit Bolognese This cozy pasta is a twist on a white Bolognese with no tomatoes in sight.
Swap in chicken legs if you prefer—rabbit tastes a lot like dark meat poultry.
recipes Garlic Confit Garlic lovers this ones for you.
recipes Cacio e Pepe Focaccia A recipe that marries the best of a plush focaccia with the cheesy flavors of a pasta favorite.
recipes Get Up  Go Blueberry Date Cocoa Smoothie Sweetened with dates and boosted with coffee this fruity smoothie gets its creamy texture from a simple trick puréeing the dates before adding the frozen fruit.
recipes Peanut Butter and Jelly Oatmeal Use brown sugar to mimic the sweetness of soft white sandwich bread.
recipes Quick and Cheesy Omelet RollUp Your favorite new breakfast on the run has plenty of melty cheese and spice.
recipes Hot  Tangy Tandoori Buffalo Wings These spiced wings feature both aromatic tandoori masala spice blend and Franks RedHot for a nod to classic Buffalo wings with a little flair.
recipes The Ultimate Tuna Melt Everything you love about the diner classic complete with oilpacked tuna crunchy celery red onion and capers for bite and your favorite wellmelting cheese.
recipes Grilled Halibut With BasilShallot Butter This halibut recipe is perfect for warm weather.
While the grill is fired up throw on some asparagus or another quickcooking vegetable for an easy dinner.
recipes Almost Alfredo Broccoli and Chickpeas Canned chickpeas and frozen broccoli keep this oneskillet dinner fast and thrifty while cream cheese delivers on the creamy Alfredo front.
recipes Meatball Soup With Beef Stew Vibes All the flavors of classic beef stew in just one hour with tender meatballs standing in for longbraised shredded beef.
recipes RedWineBraised Short Ribs This recipe for braised beef short ribs has many fans—and rightly so.
Since its even better the next day its perfect for entertaining.
recipes Peanut Butter Noodles With Cucumbers Hetty McKinnons creamy crunchy saltysweet peanut noodles with cucumbers are busting up our whatsforlunch blues.
recipes Crispy Mushroom and Ricotta Toast recipes Crystals Peppery Chicken and Dumplings This onepot dish is fallback comfort food—thick blackpepperspiked chicken stew topped with tender fluffy dumplings.
recipes Fuatha With Honey Glaze If Easter Bread Grand Prix were a thing this tender orangeandlemonscented bread would be the clear winner.
recipes Spring Greens With Hot Bacon Vinaigrette Salt.
Fat.
Acid.
Bacon.
Hot fat from bacon drippings douses vinegardrenched spring greens for a tasty salad to end all salads.
recipes Appalachian Apple Stack Cake With six layers of spice cake and an orchards worth of apple butter this Appalachian apple stack cake IS the party.
recipes Potato and Pea Chowder Studded with green peas and enriched with a swirl of cream this pea and potato chowder feels light and bright—perfect for a cool spring evening.
recipes Brown Butter–Chocolate Soufflé Fit for a Crowd This largerthanlife glutenfree chocolate soufflé gets a flavor boost from nutty brown butter.
recipes Coconut and Cardamom Cake Aromatic and flavorful this tender butter cake features both coconut and cardamom for a floral tropical take on classic yellow cake.
recipes Warm Chicken Piccata Salad Turn classic chicken piccata into a salad by using the lemonandcaperspiked pan sauce as the base for a warm vinaigrette.
recipes SaltyandSour Lettuce Change up your lettuce game and give your leaves a quick blanch to preserve their crunch and color and mild sweetness.
recipes MishkakiStyle Strip Steak With Kachumber Kachumber a classic side salad in Swahili cuisine balances out rich steak whose marinade is inspired by East African grilled beef skewers called mishkaki.
Next Page Recipes you want to make.
Cooking advice that works.
Restaurant recommendations you trust.
More from Bon Appétit Masthead Newsletter Signup Bon Appétit Media Kit Basically Healthyish Archive Contact Subscription FAQs Careers RSS Feeds Accessibility Help Condé Nast Store Condé Nast Spotlight Do Not Sell My Personal Info         Condé Nast.
All rights reserved.
Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our     User Agreement  and  Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement  and  Your California Privacy Rights.
Bon Appétit  may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers.
The material on this site may not be reproduced distributed transmitted cached or otherwise used except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Ad Choices Food Innovation Group
