TODO make this conditional when we support more content types This tag enables pages to be featured in Google Discover as large previews See httpsdevelopers.google.comsearchdocsadvancedmobilegooglediscoverhlenvisitidrd The following script does not vary between modern  legacy browsers The following script does not vary between modern  legacy browsers Skip to main content Skip to navigation Print subscriptions  Sign in Search jobs Search US edition US edition UK edition Australia edition International edition The Guardian  Back to home The Guardian News Opinion Sport Culture Lifestyle Show More Show More News View all News US news World news Environment Soccer US politics Business Tech Science Newsletters Fight to vote Opinion View all Opinion The Guardian view Columnists Letters Opinion videos Cartoons Sport View all Sport Soccer NFL Tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL F Culture View all Culture Film Books Music Art  design TV  radio Stage Classical Games Lifestyle View all Lifestyle Fashion Food Recipes Love  sex Home  garden Health  fitness Family Travel Money Search input     googlesearch     Search Support us Print subscriptions US edition UK edition Australia edition International edition Europe edition Search jobs Digital Archive Guardian Puzzles app Guardian Licensing The Guardian app Video Podcasts Pictures Inside the Guardian Guardian Weekly Crosswords Wordiply Corrections Facebook Twitter Search jobs Digital Archive Guardian Puzzles app Guardian Licensing Fashion Food Recipes Love  sex Home  garden Health  fitness Family Travel Money   The ‘silky egg principle or how to make a simple bowl of pasta ham and peas sing.
Photograph Rachel RoddyThe Guardian The ‘silky egg principle or how to make a simple bowl of pasta ham and peas sing.
Photograph Rachel RoddyThe Guardian A kitchen in Rome Pasta Rachel Roddys recipe for pasta with peas ham egg and cheese The key to getting  pasta alla papalina  just right is the fivesecond wait before you add the cheese and egg … Rachel Roddy @   racheleats Mon  Apr  .
EDT F or a while I thought there was a recipe called  fettuccine alla pappardelle .
It was the result of me skimming through a book looking for something else.
But like a dozing passenger on a highspeed train passing through a station and trying to read its name I caught a glimpse of  fettuccine alla pap  … And decided it was  fettuccine alla pappardelle  before racing on.
The glimpse stuck because it was weird.
Alla  means in the style of so pasta in the style of pasta That is fettuccine narrow ribbons typical of Lazio in the style of pappardelle thick ribbons typical of Tuscany Umbria etc which could mean wild boar or porcini or duck.
All delicious and such a musical name fettuccine alla pappardelle I would make it one day.
The Italian food historian Massimo Montanari begins his book  A Short History of Spaghetti with Tomato Sauce  by talking about the origins of recipes the ageold search for the exact moment when someone had the idea to make something for the very first time – the invention and the inventor if you like.
This has given rise to all sorts of stories that might have flecks of truth in them but are more often the work of fantasy fables wordplay and mistakes.
Montanari is clear to note that he isnt negating the relevance of origins or the reassuring value of a beginning that explains rather he simply reminds us that fiction has replaced history.
The origin of fettuccine alla pappardelle for example a shortsighted woman in a rush misreads a recipe name and makes up a recipe she thinks about often enough to believe it is true –until she comes across the right page in the right book and discovers that it isnt  fettuccine alla pappardelle  at all but  fettuccine alla papalina .
This is another recipe that uses the silky egg principle maybe most familiar in carbonara.
That is combining all the ingredients except the egg and cheese with the cooked pasta with the residual water clinging to it then pulling the pan off the heat and waiting five seconds.
Away from the flame but with enough residual heat fat and starch the egg and cheese mixture emulsifies forming a silky sauce on the surface of the pasta.
As with most good things there is risk in this case of a scramble rather than a sauce.
But I find that that fivesecond wait – and familiarity with the process – is a good defence against this happening.
Alla papalina  means in the style of the pope   which has an origin story that meets yet another origin story of carbonara peas and possibly but not in this case cream .
So with all respect to Pope Pio XII I think it best I call it pasta with peas ham egg and cheese.
Bless you frozen peas.
Pasta with peas ham egg and cheese Serves   Salt and black pepper  g dried fettuccine linguine or tagliatelle  small onion  peeled and thinly sliced  g butter  tbsp olive oil  eggs plus  yolk  heaped tbsp grated parmesan  plus extra for serving  g frozen peas  covered with boiling water then drained  g cooked ham  cut into strips Put a large pan of water on to boil for the pasta.
Add salt drop in the pasta and cook according to the packet instructions.
In a frying pan set over a mediumlow heat saute the onion in the butter and oil until soft.
In a small bowl mix the eggs parmesan and a few grinds of black pepper.
Add the peas and ham to the onion pan and cook for a few minutes.
Once the pasta is done either drain saving some of the cooking water or use a sieve to lift the pasta directly into the onion and pea pan.
Toss everything together on the heat then pull the pan off the heat.
Wait five seconds then tip in the egg and cheese mixture and two tablespoons of the pasta cooking water and toss everything energetically so the egg emulsifies and forms a silky coat.
Serve immediately with more parmesan and black pepper.
Topics Pasta A kitchen in Rome Food Italian food and drink Eggs Main course recipes Reuse this content Most viewed Most viewed Fashion Food Recipes Love  sex Home  garden Health  fitness Family Travel Money News Opinion Sport Culture Lifestyle Original reporting and incisive analysis direct from the Guardian every morning Sign up for our email About us Help Complaints  corrections SecureDrop Work for us Privacy policy Cookie policy Terms  conditions Contact us All topics All writers Digital newspaper archive Facebook YouTube Instagram LinkedIn Twitter Newsletters Advertise with us Guardian Labs Search jobs Back to top         Guardian News  Media Limited or its affiliated companies.
All rights reserved.
modern no recipe markup
