Search Subscribe Delish Unlimited Member Exclusives My Recipes Meals  Cooking Recipes Menus Nutrition Dinner Ideas Desserts Under  Minutes Cocktails  Drinks Food News Food Trends Holidays Holiday Recipes Halloween Thanksgiving Christmas Hanukkah Valentines Day Easter New Years Eve Cinco de Mayo Kitchen Tips and Tools Cookware  Gadgets Cookbooks Kitchen Secrets Restaurants  Chefs Entertaining  Parties Wine Guide Delish Shop Cookbooks Aprons Apparel  Totes Phone Cases Drinkware Delish x Dash All Videos Newsletter About Us Follow Facebook Twitter Pinterest Instagram YouTube United States US UK Your Privacy Choices Privacy Notice Terms Of Use Skip to Content Dinners Recipes Food News Cocktails Tips  Tools Subscribe sign in Meals  Cooking Recipes  Chicken Recipes Perfect For Spring  Chicken Recipes Perfect For Spring These recipes will have you feeling like a well  spring chicken.
By  Mackenzie Filson Published Apr   Save Article Previous Slide Use Arrow Keys to Navigate Next Slide PHOTO ANDREW BUI FOOD STYLING MAKINZE GORE View Gallery  Slides Warm  spring  days make us want to spring clean  a lot  of things the house our closets and even our  weeknight dinner  recipe rotation.
In honor of  spring  we decided to add a bit of pep for our favorite chicken dinners that are sure to well make you truly feel like a spring chicken yourself pun VERY much intended.
These  light and bright chicken dinners are our favorite way to usher in the season and we have a pretty good feeling youll be making these recipes well into the summer too The more sunshine we get to enjoy also means less time we want to stay in the kitchen TBH.
Chicken  being such an easy quickcooking protein makes it the most delicious option for those days you want to soak up ALL the sun.
Most of these meals come together superquick like our  creamy garlic chicken  which comes together in just  minutes and our  strawberry spinach salad  a whopping  minutes.
An amazing meal  and  plenty of time to work on your base tan The true definition of a winwin situation.
Plus weve got plenty of onepot and sheetpan dinners that will cut down on any postdinner cleanup.
Our  oneskillet creamy Thai basil chicken  and  sheetpan lemony chicken and potatoes with feta  recipes are bound to be on your weekly repeat list for sure.
If you like us cant get enough of all things  spring  check out all of our top  spring desserts   spring dinners  and  spring cocktails  to keep your spring fever going  Advertisement  Continue Reading Below   Greek Chicken PHOTO ERIK BERNSTEIN FOOD STYLING SPENCER RICHARDS If youre looking for a simple—but supersatisfying—way to switch up your  weeknight chicken dinner  rotation this is it.
All it takes is a few basic ingredients that you most likely already have on hand to transform  chicken thighs  into an herby garlicky dream.
The best part Your sides and main dish will both be ready in under an hour making this an ideal lastminute filling dinner.
We paired this  onepan  meal with roasted  zucchini  and  asparagus  but you can can switch it up with whatever is in season that you have on hand.
Get the  Greek Chicken recipe .
Strawberry Spinach Salad PHOTO ERIK BERNSTEIN FOOD STYLING SPENCER RICHARDS The combination of sweet strawberries herby chicken creamy goat cheese and spicy red onions may even make socalled spinach haters love this recipe.
This light and fresh salad lets sweet flavors shine were looking at you strawberries but is complemented by the sharp textures and flavors of our other ingredients.
Get the  Strawberry Spinach Salad recipe .
Advertisement  Continue Reading Below   Creamy Balsamic Chicken Andrew bui If youre familiar with our  chicken piccata  our  onepan chicken  gnocchi  or our  creamy Tuscan chicken  you know that for some chicken dishes its ALL about the sauce.
This one—with balsamic vinegar heavy cream and chicken broth—is a touch sweet a little tangy and superdelicious as a fullflavored creamy sauce.
It all comes together in just about half an hour too perfect for a  weeknight  meal or a special occasion.
Get the  Creamy Balsamic Chicken recipe .
Cheesy Asparagus Stuffed Chicken PHOTO ANDREW BUI FOOD STYLING BARRETT WASHBURNE Theres a reason  boneless skinless chicken breasts  are a  weeknight dinner  MVP.
Theyre affordable crowdpleasing quickcooking and are a blank canvas for your favorite flavors.
Theyre also the perfect meat for  stuffing with delicious things .
Here a springy mix of  asparagus  fresh mozz and sundried tomatoes wakes up this weekday workhorse in a recipe thats quick enough for Tuesday night but special enough for a  weekend dinner party .
Get the  Cheesy Asparagus Stuffed Chicken recipe .
Advertisement  Continue Reading Below   StrawberryJalapeño Chicken PHOTO ERIK BERNSTEIN FOOD STYLING BROOKE CAISON This strawberryjalapeño chicken is bound to become your  springtime goto dinner .
Seasoned  chicken breast  gets panseared until golden brown smothered in a  strawberry  chipotle sauce and topped with fresh strawberryjalapeño salsa to create this playful bright dish.
If youre not a huge fan of the cilantro that gets sprinkled on top you can easily swap it for fresh basil or parsley.
Get the  StrawberryJalapeño Chicken recipe .
Mediterranean Chicken PHOTO ANDREW BUI FOOD STYLING SPENCER RICHARDS This  onepot recipe  is the perfect way to spruce up  chicken breasts  with bright  Mediterranean  flavors without dirtying all the pots and pans in your kitchen.
Serve it over some  couscous  for the perfect bright yet hearty meal.
Get the  Mediterranean Chicken recipe .
Advertisement  Continue Reading Below   Coronation Chicken PHOTO ANDREW BUI FOOD STYLING BROOKE CAISON Although it originated in the United Kingdom during Queen Elizabeth IIs coronation coronation chicken is much like the  chicken salad  we all know and love here across the pond.
It has all the makings of a classic dish—juicy pieces of  chicken  a wellseasoned mayonnaisebased sauce celery scallions and lemon juice for bright fresh flavor.
This dish would be delicious served with crackers for scooping or piled onto a buttered and toasted  brioche bun  but we like to serve it on fresh and crisp Bibb lettuce leaves.
Toasted sliced almonds sprinkled over the top add some extra crunch.
Get the  Coronation Chicken recipe .
Kung Pao Chicken PHOTO ANDREW BUI FOOD STYLING MAKINZE GORE Growing up eating a ton and yes we mean a ton of American  Chinese food  kung pao chicken is near the top of our alltime faves.
Slightly spicy a bit sweet packed with peanuts and tender nubs of  chicken  it was perfect to eat over  rice  or out of the fridge at midnight not gonna lie.
Get the  Kung Pao Chicken recipe .
Advertisement  Continue Reading Below   Honey Mustard Chicken Tomato  Zucchini Foil Packs PHOTO ERIK BERNSTEIN FOOD STYLING SPENCER RICHARDS Smothered in sweet honey mustard sauce these  chicken breasts  are grilled to perfection staying supertender and juicy by cooking inside foil packets.
Honey mustard  sauce can be as simple as just two ingredients however we amped it up for flavor and cooked it slightly to thicken the sauce so it stays on top of the  chicken  creating almost a glaze.
A duo of mustards is a must for the flavor—grainy mustard is more mild with a pop of texture while Dijon adds a burst of that signature mustard intensity.
Get the  Honey Mustard Chicken Tomato  Zucchini Foil Packs recipe .
Chicken Wontons In Chili Oil PHOTO ERIK BERNSTEIN FOOD STYLING SPENCER RICHARDS Just fill fold and boil storebought wonton wrappers and youve got chicken wontons ready to dig into in under an hour for the easiest weeknight dinner.
Plus folding  wontons  isnt as difficult as you may think and kind of fun—especially if you do it with a friend or while listening to a podcast.
These homemade wontons are supertasty boiled with a homemade or storebought  chili crisp  if you want to save a step but theyre also fantastic boiled into soup or seared in a pan.
Get the  Chicken Wontons In Chili Oil recipe .
Advertisement  Continue Reading Below   Grilled Chicken Street Tacos PHOTO ERIK BERNSTEIN FOOD STYLING SPENCER RICHARDS Nothing beats a street taco—superjuicy tender meat in a quick grabandgo format.
What makes a  taco  a street taco Besides being sold by a vendor right on the sidewalk one of the main differences is the size of the  tortilla .
Street tacos are typically prepared by doubling up two smaller  corn tortillas  making them easier to eat on the side of the street in the car anywhere Get the  Grilled Chicken Street Tacos recipe .
Creamy Garlic Chicken PHOTO ROCKY LUTEN FOOD STYLING BROOKE CAISON Calling all  garlic  lovers If youre the type to use a whole head of garlic when a recipe only calls for one or two cloves this is the dish for you.
This  chicken dinner  is exactly how it sounds supergarlicky and swimming in an ultrasilky creamy sauce.
The best part This whole recipe comes together in just  minutes all in  one pot .
Get the  Creamy Garlic Chicken recipe .
Advertisement  Continue Reading Below   Mexican Chicken Casserole PHOTO ERIK BERNSTEIN FOOD STYLING MAKINZE GORE Theres your average  casserole … and then theres this cheesy loaded Mexican chicken casserole.
Filled with a creamy sauce two kinds of cheese and plenty of chicken theres something in this dish for everyone.
While this is certainly not an authentic  Mexican  dish it combines lots of flavors and ingredients that will remind you of  tacos   enchiladas  and your favorite Mexican TexMex  meals.
Its perfect for celebrating  Cinco de Mayo  with a crowd or for spicing up your  weeknight dinner  any time of year.
Get the  Mexican Chicken Casserole recipe .
Copycat Chipotle Burrito Bowl PHOTO RACHEL VANNI FOOD STYLING BARRETT WASHBURNE We think what you order at Chipotle really says something about a person Do you spring for extra guac Go for the spicy salsa or stick with mild Fill your bowl with brown rice  white rice  or just greens While were all about switching things up when we want a triedandtrue perfect meal we always go back to the chicken burrito bowl.
Its classic reliable and best of all completely customizable depending on our mood.
Get the  Copycat Chipotle Burrito Bowl recipe .
Advertisement  Continue Reading Below   Lemony Chicken  Potatoes With Feta PHOTO ANDREW BUI FOOD STYLING SPENCER RICHARDS Freshen up a classic dish  lemon chicken and potatoes  by spooning the most flavorful olive almond and parsley sauce over top.
Prepared from the pan drippings the sauce is so simple to make without getting out an extra pot.
The best part This entire recipe is made in just one dish making dinner and cleanup easier than ever.
Simply remove the  chicken  and  potatoes  to a serving platter once theyre cooked then stir the sauce ingredients right into the pan drippings.
Generously spoon the creamy sauce over everything and serve Get the  Lemony Chicken  Potatoes With Feta recipe .
Tandoori Chicken PHOTO ROCKY LUTEN FOOD STYLING MAKINZE GORE Tandoori chicken is a tender flavorbombed  chicken  dish thats a staple in  Indian  cuisine.
Though traditionally the chicken is grilled in a clay  tandoor  grill hence the name its possible to make it at home in your oven.
The real standout in this timeless recipe is the use of a masala yogurt  marinade that coats the chicken throughout the cooking process making it exceedingly juicy and extra flavorful.
Get the  Tandoori Chicken recipe .
Advertisement  Continue Reading Below   Bruschetta Chicken PHOTO ERIK BERNSTEIN FOOD STYLING SPENCER RICHARDS While weve got plenty of weeknight  chicken dinners  in our arsenal this bruschetta  grilled chicken  is one of our favorite ways to celebrate fresh spring and summer flavors.
If youve got extra  homemade bruschetta  on hand try using it as an extraflavorful boost to your main course—starting with this cheesy fresh dish.
Get the  Bruschetta Chicken recipe .
Creamy Lemon Parmesan Chicken Bryce Johnson When it comes to weeknight dinners this is what we dream of.
Its simple creamy and so dang satisfying.
Trust us youre going to want to mop up any leftover sauce with plenty of crusty bread.
Get the  Creamy Lemon Parmesan Chicken recipe .
Advertisement  Continue Reading Below   Copycat Olive Garden Chicken Gnocchi Soup Erik bernstein As far as chowders go  clam  and  corn  tend to get all the love.
But over at the  Olive Garden  and now here theyve highlighted the almighty chicken chowder in a beautiful way—by adding tons of vegetables and fluffy chewy  gnocchi .
Get the  Copycat Olive Garden Chicken Gnocchi Soup recipe .
Strawberry Chicken Cobb Salad PHOTO LUCY SCHAEFFER PHOTOGRAPHY FOOD STYLING MAKINZE GORE Theres a lot to love about a classic  Cobb salad .
Its packed with hardboiled eggs chopped chicken  bacon  avocado and refreshingly crispy romaine.
The gangs all here in this salad except with some bigtime upgrades.
Strawberries stand in for the standard tomatoes while feta takes the place of blue cheese.
Fear not theres still an extracreamy buttermilkbased dressing that coats every bite.
Get the  Strawberry Chicken Cobb Salad recipe .
Previous Next Slide Mackenzie Filson Contributing Assistant Digital Food Producer Mackenzie Filson is a food writer and contributing digital food producer at Delish.
Her favorite ice cream flavor is chocolatepine and if wine was an astrological sign shed be a New Zealand Sauvignon Blanc.
Shes never met a bag of Spicy Sweet Chili Doritos she didnt eat in one sitting.
Insanely Easy Chicken Dinners Cheesy Asparagus Stuffed Chicken  Sunday Dinner Ideas Chicken Souvlaki StrawberryJalapeño Chicken Advertisement  Continue Reading Below Mexican Chicken Casserole Goddess Bowls  Healthy Chicken Breast Recipes  Creative Creamy Chicken Recipes Recipes Everything Keto Bagels Pineapple Margarita Easy Frittata Recipe Keto People Meet Your New GoTo Breakfast Advertisement  Continue Reading Below Newsletter Subscribe Customer Service About Us Press Room Media Kit Community Guidelines Advertise With Us Delish Shop Product Support Delish Unlimited Membership Support A Part of Hearst Digital Media Delish editors handpick every product we feature.
We may earn commission from the links on this page.
Hearst Magazine Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Notice CA Notice at Collection Your CA Privacy RightsShine the Light DAA Industry Opt Out Terms of Use Site Map Your Privacy Choices Opt Out of SaleTargeted Ads
