jump to content my subreddits edit subscriptions popular  all  random  users    AskReddit  funny  worldnews  gaming  pics  movies  videos  explainlikeimfive  news  todayilearned  OldSchoolCool  mildlyinteresting  books  LifeProTips  aww  TwoXChromosomes  Jokes  dataisbeautiful  science  nottheonion  Music  IAmA  tifu  UpliftingNews  Showerthoughts  photoshopbattles  askscience  Futurology  gifs  space  food  gadgets  Art  DIY  nosleep  Documentaries  GetMotivated  history  WritingPrompts  InternetIsBeautiful  philosophy  sports  EarthPorn  creepy  announcements  listentothis  blog more »   recipes comments Want to join  Log in  or  sign up  in seconds.
English limit my search to rrecipes use the following search parameters to narrow your results subreddit subreddit find submissions in "subreddit" author username find submissions by "username" site example.com find submissions from "example.com" url text search for "text" in url selftext text search for "text" in self post contents selfyes or selfno include or exclude self posts nsfwyes or nsfwno include or exclude results marked as NSFW e.g.
subredditaww siteimgur.com dog see the search faq for details.
advanced search by author subreddit... this post was submitted on    Apr     points  % upvoted shortlink   remember me reset password login Submit your image and formatted recipe Get an adfree experience with special benefits and directly support Reddit.
get reddit premium recipes join leave    readers    users here now Share your cooking repertoire with our community Filters Dessert Beef Pasta Pork Poultry Seafood Vegetarian Discussion Drink Budget Question Picture Remove Filters Rules All recipes must be formatted properly.
youll get an orangered on comments.
All posts require mod approval and are auto removed until so  How to submit a well formatted recipe can be found  here ...  OR SEE THIS EXAMPLE HERE ... or try these tips   One hyper link per recipe .
All posts must have a formatted text recipe.
BlogYTIGTweeter links can only be in the formatted text recipes and users must follow site wide self promotion guidelines of posting .
Url shorteners bit.ly and amazon links are not allowed.
One link per post.
Deletes and reposts without mod direction will result in account removal.
No food porn.
No polls.
No excessive self promotion without engagement.
Link post must contain the formatted recipe in the comments.
We only allow direct post links from imgur.com and i.reddituploads.com.
VIDEO POSTS ARE NOT ALLOWED.
Self posts may contain links but the recipe must be formatted and approved.
a.
We enforce reddiquette as a rule.
Be constructive if you criticize or do not comment with hateful rude political or otherwise unnecessary comments to troll.
We do not allow hate spite bigotry racism or otherwise mean users here.
No warnings instant ban Recipe titles should be clear and concise.
HOW TO SUBMIT A POST Submit your image link.
It will be auto filtered.
Type up a formatted text recipe in the comments.
Copy the url of your new post and send a modmail with the url pasted link in the modmail.
We will review the post.
We will coach and approve or remove the post at our discretion.
Related Subreddits Food Cooking Sandwiches Budget Food Whats In My Cupboard SlowCooking Tonights Dinner MimicRecipes a community for   years MODERATORS message the mods discussions in  rrecipes   X    ·   comments   Keema Curry    ·   comments   Roasted cauliflower with mashed potatoes and beetroots    ·   comments    Minute Smoked Salmon Toast with Eggs Herbs and Pea Puree    ·   comments   MisoGlazed Asparagus and Pearl Onions    ·   comments   Duck Dumplings    ·   comments   Spanakorizo Greek Spinach Rice Recipe With Shrimp    ·   comments   Almond Flour Blueberry Muffins    ·   comments   Mutton Pulao    ·   comments   A salmon fillet with a Mediterranean kick    ·   comments   Highly addictive Moroccan almond cigars Welcome to Reddit the front page of the internet.
Become a Redditor and join one of thousands of communities.
×    The OneIngredient Hard Maple Candy OC Recipe    i.redd.it  submitted   days ago  by  whippeddesserts  comments share save hide report loading... all  comments sorted by  best top new controversial old random qa live beta Want to add to the discussion Post a comment Create an account – koolbeans    points  points  points    days ago    children I wonder what the ingredient is🤔 permalink embed save report give award reply – rantonidi    points  points  points    days ago    children I cant believe its not sugar permalink embed save parent report give award reply – SweetDee    points  points  points    days ago    children I cant believe its not corn syrup permalink embed save parent report give award reply – dta    points  points  point    days ago    child Wait.
So what is it  permalink embed save parent report give award reply – WorldMushroom    point  points  points    days ago    children Bacon greese permalink embed save parent report give award reply – whippeddesserts  S     points  points  points    days ago *    children Ingredients  cups g Maple Syrup Instructions   Maple Candy Video Recipe  Calibration Before starting calibrate your thermometer by boiling water in a pot.
Place the thermometer into the boiling water and note the temperature reading which should be around °F °C.
Maple Syrup Candy Pour the maple syrup into a large heavybottomed pan.
Heat the maple syrup to °F °C which is °F °C above the boiling point of water.
Be sure to check the boiling water temperature beforehand for accuracy.
Shaping and cooling Maple Syrup Candy As the syrup heats prepare your candy molds or line a baking sheet with parchment paper.
Once the syrup reaches the desired temperature remove the pan from heat and quickly pour the mixture into the prepared molds or onto the lined baking sheet.
Allow the candy to harden and cool for about  minutes.
Remove the candy from the molds or break it into pieces if you used the baking sheet method.
Share and enjoy your homemade maple syrup candy Cant wait to see you next week for more exciting recipes Sandrine  permalink embed save report give award reply – LeChienTropFrais    points  points  points    days ago    children Omg i love this.
Gotta make some  .. small point .
.
Is there a mistake in the celcius temperatures  Says  degreee  then  degree above boiling water temp.
permalink embed save parent report give award reply – zarunohn    points  points  points    days ago    children Yeah they took the °F from their farenheight boiling point and converted it to °C but its meant to be  degrees over boiling in celcius.
Just a small disparity in converting temperatures permalink embed save parent report give award reply – CaptainFartbox    points  points  points    days ago    children Farenheight makes no sense.
permalink embed save parent report give award reply – iamnotazombie    points  points  points    days ago    child It makes perfect sense Zero is what happens when you mix alcohol ice and salt into a hellish mixture.
is the nice stable temperature of a cows anus.
Is this not clearly the superior temperature unit permalink embed save parent report give award reply – Ianilla    points  point  points    days ago    children Finally someone who gets it cow anus temp permalink embed save parent report give award reply – whippeddesserts  S     points  points  points    days ago    children Hi thanks Sorry we changed it  permalink embed save parent report give award reply – robotpicnic    points  points  points    days ago    children I appreciate that its on a maple board.
permalink embed save report give award reply – Amsnabs    points  points  points    days ago    children I have this memory of being about  years old and reading my favorite light blue colored set of books Little House on the Praire they made candies like this but instead of a mold theyd pour little designs on snow outside.
Ive  always  wanted to do this.
permalink embed save report give award reply – sleepykitten    points  points  points    days ago    child I guess when reading those books I missed the boiling part Definitely tried this with just plain raw maple syrup in the snow and was NOT good just a mess permalink embed save parent report give award reply – Amsnabs    points  point  points    days ago    children LOL good on you for trying I do think the boiling will make a difference.
I complained that the snow was never ending this year but this post came the very weekend it all melted.
Next year Im doing this.
permalink embed save parent report give award reply – ThatOneCanadian    points  points  points    days ago    children Any true quebecois ate about  pounds a year of this stuff growing up permalink embed save report give award reply – TwoTwoWorld    points  points  points    days ago    child This is an absolutely fantastic idea I love how you can make a delicious treat with just one ingredient.
permalink embed save report give award reply – whippeddesserts  S     points  points  points    days ago    children Maple syrup is magical like that Thank you so much D permalink embed save parent report give award reply – meashmash    points  points  points    days ago    children can u do this with crystallized maple syrup still real maple syrup permalink embed save report give award reply  fruitloops   comment score below threshold  points  points  points    days ago    children I really hoped the ingredient was something other than maple syrup.
permalink embed save report give award reply – growly    points  points  points    days ago    children So its two ingredients… Maple and water permalink embed save report give award reply – whippeddesserts  S     points  points  points    days ago    children You dont need water to make the recipe  We suggested that you test your thermometer with it though  permalink embed save parent report give award reply – gnasty    points  points  points    days ago    child The water is no more an ingredient that the pot thermometer molds ect permalink embed save parent report give award reply – strcrssd    point  points  points    days ago    children Less so its just used to calibrate the thermometer.
If you have a known good thermometer you dont need to mess with the water at all.
permalink embed save parent report give award reply – euphonix    points  point  points    days ago    children If you cook the syrup to a softer candy temperature like maybe the hard ball stage ~°F would it make more of a maple taffy type consistency rather than a hard candy I imagine it would but Im not sure if maple syrup behaves differently than regular sugar.
permalink embed save report give award reply – phungkangyummy    points  point  points    hours ago    children Yummy 😋😋🤤🤤 permalink embed save report give award reply about blog about advertising careers help site rules Reddit help center reddiquette mod guidelines contact us apps  tools Reddit for iPhone Reddit for Android mobile website  reddit premium reddit coins Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our  User Agreement  and  Privacy Policy .
reddit inc. All rights reserved.
REDDIT and the ALIEN Logo are registered trademarks of reddit inc.
Advertise  lifestyles π   Rendered by PID  on  redditservicerloggedoutfdbfcmld  at  .
running  country code US.
