jump to content my subreddits edit subscriptions popular  all  random  users    AskReddit  funny  worldnews  gaming  pics  movies  videos  explainlikeimfive  news  todayilearned  OldSchoolCool  mildlyinteresting  books  LifeProTips  aww  TwoXChromosomes  Jokes  dataisbeautiful  science  nottheonion  Music  IAmA  tifu  UpliftingNews  Showerthoughts  photoshopbattles  askscience  Futurology  gifs  space  food  gadgets  Art  DIY  nosleep  Documentaries  GetMotivated  history  WritingPrompts  InternetIsBeautiful  philosophy  sports  EarthPorn  creepy  announcements  listentothis  blog more »   recipes comments Want to join  Log in  or  sign up  in seconds.
English limit my search to rrecipes use the following search parameters to narrow your results subreddit subreddit find submissions in "subreddit" author username find submissions by "username" site example.com find submissions from "example.com" url text search for "text" in url selftext text search for "text" in self post contents selfyes or selfno include or exclude self posts nsfwyes or nsfwno include or exclude results marked as NSFW e.g.
subredditaww siteimgur.com dog see the search faq for details.
advanced search by author subreddit... this post was submitted on    Apr     points  % upvoted shortlink   remember me reset password login Submit your image and formatted recipe Get an adfree experience with special benefits and directly support Reddit.
get reddit premium recipes join leave    readers    users here now Share your cooking repertoire with our community Filters Dessert Beef Pasta Pork Poultry Seafood Vegetarian Discussion Drink Budget Question Picture Remove Filters Rules All recipes must be formatted properly.
youll get an orangered on comments.
All posts require mod approval and are auto removed until so  How to submit a well formatted recipe can be found  here ...  OR SEE THIS EXAMPLE HERE ... or try these tips   One hyper link per recipe .
All posts must have a formatted text recipe.
BlogYTIGTweeter links can only be in the formatted text recipes and users must follow site wide self promotion guidelines of posting .
Url shorteners bit.ly and amazon links are not allowed.
One link per post.
Deletes and reposts without mod direction will result in account removal.
No food porn.
No polls.
No excessive self promotion without engagement.
Link post must contain the formatted recipe in the comments.
We only allow direct post links from imgur.com and i.reddituploads.com.
VIDEO POSTS ARE NOT ALLOWED.
Self posts may contain links but the recipe must be formatted and approved.
a.
We enforce reddiquette as a rule.
Be constructive if you criticize or do not comment with hateful rude political or otherwise unnecessary comments to troll.
We do not allow hate spite bigotry racism or otherwise mean users here.
No warnings instant ban Recipe titles should be clear and concise.
HOW TO SUBMIT A POST Submit your image link.
It will be auto filtered.
Type up a formatted text recipe in the comments.
Copy the url of your new post and send a modmail with the url pasted link in the modmail.
We will review the post.
We will coach and approve or remove the post at our discretion.
Related Subreddits Food Cooking Sandwiches Budget Food Whats In My Cupboard SlowCooking Tonights Dinner MimicRecipes a community for   years MODERATORS message the mods discussions in  rrecipes   X    ·   comments   Keema Curry    ·   comments   Roasted cauliflower with mashed potatoes and beetroots    ·   comments    Minute Smoked Salmon Toast with Eggs Herbs and Pea Puree    ·   comments   MisoGlazed Asparagus and Pearl Onions    ·   comments   Duck Dumplings    ·   comments   Spanakorizo Greek Spinach Rice Recipe With Shrimp    ·   comments   Almond Flour Blueberry Muffins    ·   comments   Mutton Pulao    ·   comments   A salmon fillet with a Mediterranean kick    ·   comments   Highly addictive Moroccan almond cigars Welcome to Reddit the front page of the internet.
Become a Redditor and join one of thousands of communities.
×    Duck Dumplings Poultry    i.redd.it  submitted   day ago  by  BushyEyes  comments share save hide report loading... all  comments sorted by  best top new controversial old random qa live beta Want to add to the discussion Post a comment Create an account – BushyEyes  S     points  points  points    day ago *    children Recipe here originally  Duck Dumplings I based this recipe off my duck egg roll recipe which Ive made several times now and its always a huge hit.
I made a few modifications to the filling based on ingredients I had readily available but the filling is fantastic with or without mushrooms.
You can also use a rotisserie chicken from the grocery store  just make sure you finely chop it.
Roast duck – pound duck giblets neck and feet reserved for another use  orange quartered Salt and pepper Filling inch piece of ginger peeled and minced  cloves garlic peeled and minced  scallions trimmed and minced  Thai chili peppers trimmed and minced  tablespoons hoisin sauce  tablespoons thin soy sauce – tablespoons sweet chili sauce optional to taste ½ orange juiced Salt if needed Dumplings – dumpling wrappers Sliced scallion greens optional for garnish Water Sauce ⅓ cup black vinegar – teaspoons chili oil  teaspoon sesame oil  teaspoon sesame seeds Prepare the duck Preheat the oven to ºF.
Line a roasting pan with foil.
Place a raised rack in the pan and set aside.
Pat the duck dry and season it all over with salt and pepper.
Stuff the cavity with the orange wedges.
Truss the legs with kitchen twine.
Roast the duck Place the duck on top of the raised rack and transfer it to the oven for  hours.
Remove the duck from the oven.
Using a sharp knife create a few shallow slits in the skin across the breast and around the thighs.
This will allow the fat to fully render.
Be careful not to cut the meat too much.
You just need – slits all over the duck particularly around the fatty area of the legs and breasts.
Return the duck to the oven for  hour.
Remove the duck from the oven and let cool as you prepare the filling.
Prepare the filling Gather the minced ginger garlic scallions and Thai chili peppers in a bowl.
Add the hoisin sauce soy sauce orange juice and sweet chili sauce if you like.
Shred the duck Once the duck is cool enough to handle pick the meat from the bones.
Avoid any meat that feels very sinewy.
You can keep as much of the crispy skin as you like for the dumplings particularly the skin around the breasts thighs and legs.
I discard the skin on the back of the duck.
Reserve the carcass for stock if you like.
Place the meat and skin on a cutting board and finely dice.
Transfer to the bowl of aromatics and toss to combine.
Taste and adjust the seasonings to your preference.
Your filling is finished and youre ready to make dumplings Fold the dumplings First get a small bowl of water and place it on your workstation.
Place a heaping teaspoon of filling in the middle of the dumpling wrapper.
Wet the edges with water and fold the dumpling in half.
Pinch the edges to seal the dumpling closed into a halfmoon shape.
You can crimp and pinch the edges as you seal it but it takes practice Steam panfry or deep fry the dumplings To steam fill your steamer pot with water and place the rack on top.
Place a liner on top.
Bring the water to a boil and arrange the dumplings on top.
Reduce heat to medium cover and steam for  minutes.
To panfry Dip the bottoms of the dumplings into the water just to coat the bottom then dip into a bowl of sesame seeds to evenly coat the bottom.
Heat vegetable oil in a skillet over mediumhigh.
Add the dumplings sesame seed side down and cook without moving for  minute.
Pour in ¼ cup water and cover immediately.
Cook for – minutes.
Remove the lid and fry for an additional minute or so.
To deepfry Heat a few inches of oil in a large pot until the oil reaches ºF.
Add dumplings in batches and deepfry for – minutes.
Transfer to a paper towellined plate.
To serve Make the sauce by whisking together the black vinegar chili oil sesame oil and sesame seeds.
Place the sauce in a small bowl in the middle of a serving platter.
Arrange the dumplings around the sauce and garnish with sliced scallions.
Enjoy permalink embed save report give award reply – PixelFan    points  points  points    day ago    child Wow this sounds delicious permalink embed save parent report give award reply – BushyEyes  S     points  points  points    day ago    children Thank you permalink embed save parent report give award reply – milesgloriosis    points  point  points    hours ago    children I my wifes family these were known as tamalitos chinos.
I found our they were jiaozi when i moved to Shanghai.
permalink embed save parent report give award reply – Mattimvs    points  points  points    day ago    child *ducklings permalink embed save report give award reply – ErynCuz    points  point  points    day ago    children Haha yes My thought too permalink embed save parent report give award reply – EquivalentEnergy    points  points  points    day ago    children Thats beautiful permalink embed save report give award reply – LScore    points  points  points    day ago    children How DARE you not make your own skins from scratch what is this abomination s just in case there were any doubts This is an interesting twist on a traditional recipe Ive made a lot of dumpling recipes before My family made them every week while I was growing up and now I get three bags for Christmas but Ive never thought to use precooked duck.
Looks tasty Ill have to try.
permalink embed save report give award reply – phungkangyummy    points  point  points    hours ago    children Wow 😲😲 looking delicious permalink embed save report give award reply – hungryinThailand    points  point  points    hours ago    children I love dumplings never tried duck dumplings permalink embed save report give award reply – TwoTwoWorld    points  point  points    hours ago    children These dumplings look absolutely amazing permalink embed save report give award reply about blog about advertising careers help site rules Reddit help center reddiquette mod guidelines contact us apps  tools Reddit for iPhone Reddit for Android mobile website  reddit premium reddit coins Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our  User Agreement  and  Privacy Policy .
reddit inc. All rights reserved.
REDDIT and the ALIEN Logo are registered trademarks of reddit inc.
Advertise  lifestyles π   Rendered by PID  on  redditservicerloggedoutfdbfckdh  at  .
running  country code US.
