The design nodes specified the header path.
Generally you can find this specified at etcdesignsSITEbasePageheader@header SDI include path contentfoodcomnavigationConfigsheaderjcrcontentheader.cache.html resourceType foodcomcomponentsnavigationheader Watch Full Seasons TV Schedule Newsletters Videos Sweepstakes Classes Magazine Blog Shows AZ Chefs AZ Restaurants Recipes on TV Recipes Recipes Mothers Day Dishes Comfort Food Recipes Ultimate Baking Guide Healthy Meals  More On TV See All Recipes Recipe of the Day Spaghetti with Oil and Garlic Aglio e Olio Trending Recipes Crispy PanFried Pork Chops Strawberry Ricotta Bruschetta Instant Pot Chicken Cacciatore Dump Dinner Mollys Carrot Cake with Spiced Cream Cheese Frosting Shows Shows TV Schedule See TV Schedule Valeries Home Cooking am  c Valeries Home Cooking am  c Valeries Home Cooking am  c Valeries Home Cooking am  c The Pioneer Woman am  c The Pioneer Woman am  c The Pioneer Woman am  c The Pioneer Woman am  c The Pioneer Woman pm  c The Pioneer Woman pm  c Guys Grocery Games pm  c Guys Grocery Games pm  c Tournament of Champions pm  c Guys Grocery Games pm  c Guys Grocery Games pm  c Guys Grocery Games pm  c Guys Grocery Games pm  c Guys Grocery Games pm  c On Tonight Guys Grocery Games pm  c Guys Grocery Games pm  c Guys Grocery Games am  c Guys Grocery Games am  c Guys Grocery Games am  c Guys Grocery Games am  c The Great Food Truck Race am  c See All Shows Popular Shows Ciao House Alex vs America Diners DriveIns and Dives In the Kitchen The Pioneer Woman The Kitchen Girl Meets Farm Chefs Chefs Chefs  Hosts Kardea Brown Ree Drummond Ina Garten Sunny Anderson Bobby Flay Valerie Bertinelli Guy Fieri Molly Yeh See All Chefs Trending Trending Trending Eats Newsletters The Latest TikToks Fruit RollUp Ice Cream Hack Lives Up to the Hype Just Eat the NonOrganic Blueberries – Heres Why You Should Disregard the ‘Dirty Dozen Jadeite Dishes Are Making a Comeback — Heres What You Need to Know About This Trend Currently Obsessed With... Taco Bell Brings Back Its Volcano Menu Which Includes the ‘Spiciest Burrito Ever Hydro Flask Wants You to Trade In Your Old Water Bottles Shop Shop Product Reviews Gift Ideas Shop Everything Newsletter Shop Now Whats New  Best Wine Glasses for Every Type of Drinker According to a Sommelier We Tried Caraways Cookware Set and It Lives Up to the Hype  Best Tequilas According to a Spirits Expert  Best Bento Boxes That Will Instantly Upgrade Your Packed Lunch The Best Compost Bins According to Gardeners and Farmers Sweepstakes Sweepstakes Spring Into Cooking All Sweepstakes  Contests Enter Daily for Your Chance to Win $ Whats on TV Clear Icon Search Icon Home Recipes Prev Recipe Next Recipe Recipe Info Summary Section Baked Lemon Chicken Recipe courtesy of  Food Network Kitchen Recipe courtesy of  Food Network Kitchen Watch how to make this recipe.
Baked Lemon Chicken Getting reviews... Total  hr  min Prep  min Cook  hr  min Yield  servings Nutrition Info Nutritional Analysis Per Serving Serving Size  of  servings Calories  Total Fat  g Saturated Fat  g Carbohydrates  g Dietary Fiber  g Sugar  g Protein  g Cholesterol  mg Sodium  mg Asset Actions  save  meal plan  print  social in beta Save Recipe Pinterest Email Total  hr  min Prep  min Cook  hr  min Yield  servings Nutrition Info Nutritional Analysis Per Serving Serving Size  of  servings Calories  Total Fat  g Saturated Fat  g Carbohydrates  g Dietary Fiber  g Sugar  g Protein  g Cholesterol  mg Sodium  mg Ingredients Terms are food and cook isFood is food OR cook Deselect All One   to pound chicken cut into  pieces patted dry Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper Flour for dredging  tablespoons extravirgin olive oil  large onion thinly sliced Peel of half a lemon white pith removed cut into very thin strips  large garlic cloves minced   teaspoons fresh rosemary leaves  tablespoon honey  cup freshly squeezed lemon juice  cup chicken broth homemade or canned lowsodium Add to Shopping List Aaron  Replace with shoppingcart.svg View Shopping List Ingredient Substitutions Directions Preheat the oven to  degrees F. Season the chicken with salt and pepper.
Dredge in the flour and pat off the excess.
Heat a large skillet over medium heat and add  tablespoons of the oil.
Add the chicken skinside down and saute until golden brown about  minutes per side.
Remove the chicken from the skillet and reserve.
Discard the oil and wipe the pan out with a paper towel.
Add the remaining  tablespoon oil and heat over mediumlow heat.
Add the onion and cook until golden about  to  minutes.
Add the lemon zest garlic and rosemary and cook for  minutes more.
Add the honey lemon juice and broth increase the heat and bring to a simmer.
Use a slotted spoon to transfer the onions to a  by inch ovenproof casserole and spread them out.
Arrange the chicken skinside up in a single layer on the onions.
Pour the cooking liquid over the chicken.
Season with salt and pepper to taste.
Bake in the oven basting every  minutes until cooked through about  minutes.
Remove from the oven and serve.
Copyright  Television Food Network GP.
All rights reserved Tools You May Need Price and stock may change after publish date and we may make money off these links.
From Food Network Kitchens Tools You May Need Price and stock may change after publish date and we may make money off these links.
My Private Notes Add a Note More Related Component Video Promo Component Categories Component Categories Baked Chicken Chicken Recipes Poultry Skillet Recipes Fruit Lemon Main Dish More From Component More from Spring Weeknight Dinners Looking for Something Else Quick  Easy More Chicken Recipes  Ingredients or Less Highly Rated Lemon and Garlic Baked Chicken Baked Lemon Ziti Lemon Chicken Lemon Chicken 👩‍🍳 Whats Cooking Our Best Healthy Breakfast Ideas Dishes That Require Very Little Cleanup Slow Cooker Recipes Youll Love Discover More Recipes... Whats New The Best NonToxic Cookware Tested by Food Network Kitchen We Tried Hungryroot Grocery Store and Meal Delivery AllinOne  Best Smoothie Delivery Services Our Newsletter To sign up please enable JavaScript.
Sign up for the Food Network Shopping Newsletter   Privacy Policy Sign Up *include the loader area* to include this file in an jsp use the following cqinclude script"brightEdge.html" If need to hardcode pagePath use this pagePathoutdoorsoutdoorremodelpatiogazeboscountry Site Map Visitor Agreement AdChoices Privacy Notice About Newsroom Advertise Help TV Ratings Online Closed Captioning California Privacy Notice Accessibility Newsletters Discovery Inc. Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information International Editions United States Asia Brazil Canada Europe Middle East  Africa United Kingdom Latin America The Discovery Family of Networks HGTV Food.com Travel Channel TLC.com Discovery.com Cooking Channel    Warner Bros.
Discovery Inc. or its subsidiaries and affiliates.
All rights reserved.
Pinterest Email OneTrust Cookies Consent Notice start OneTrust Cookies Consent Notice end
