jump to content my subreddits edit subscriptions popular  all  random  users    AskReddit  funny  worldnews  gaming  pics  movies  videos  explainlikeimfive  news  todayilearned  OldSchoolCool  mildlyinteresting  books  LifeProTips  aww  TwoXChromosomes  Jokes  dataisbeautiful  science  nottheonion  Music  IAmA  tifu  UpliftingNews  Showerthoughts  photoshopbattles  askscience  Futurology  gifs  space  food  gadgets  Art  DIY  nosleep  Documentaries  GetMotivated  history  WritingPrompts  InternetIsBeautiful  philosophy  sports  EarthPorn  creepy  announcements  listentothis  blog more »   recipes comments Want to join  Log in  or  sign up  in seconds.
English limit my search to rrecipes use the following search parameters to narrow your results subreddit subreddit find submissions in "subreddit" author username find submissions by "username" site example.com find submissions from "example.com" url text search for "text" in url selftext text search for "text" in self post contents selfyes or selfno include or exclude self posts nsfwyes or nsfwno include or exclude results marked as NSFW e.g.
subredditaww siteimgur.com dog see the search faq for details.
advanced search by author subreddit... this post was submitted on    Apr     points  % upvoted shortlink   remember me reset password login Submit your image and formatted recipe Get an adfree experience with special benefits and directly support Reddit.
get reddit premium recipes join leave    readers    users here now Share your cooking repertoire with our community Filters Dessert Beef Pasta Pork Poultry Seafood Vegetarian Discussion Drink Budget Question Picture Remove Filters Rules All recipes must be formatted properly.
youll get an orangered on comments.
All posts require mod approval and are auto removed until so  How to submit a well formatted recipe can be found  here ...  OR SEE THIS EXAMPLE HERE ... or try these tips   One hyper link per recipe .
All posts must have a formatted text recipe.
BlogYTIGTweeter links can only be in the formatted text recipes and users must follow site wide self promotion guidelines of posting .
Url shorteners bit.ly and amazon links are not allowed.
One link per post.
Deletes and reposts without mod direction will result in account removal.
No food porn.
No polls.
No excessive self promotion without engagement.
Link post must contain the formatted recipe in the comments.
We only allow direct post links from imgur.com and i.reddituploads.com.
VIDEO POSTS ARE NOT ALLOWED.
Self posts may contain links but the recipe must be formatted and approved.
a.
We enforce reddiquette as a rule.
Be constructive if you criticize or do not comment with hateful rude political or otherwise unnecessary comments to troll.
We do not allow hate spite bigotry racism or otherwise mean users here.
No warnings instant ban Recipe titles should be clear and concise.
HOW TO SUBMIT A POST Submit your image link.
It will be auto filtered.
Type up a formatted text recipe in the comments.
Copy the url of your new post and send a modmail with the url pasted link in the modmail.
We will review the post.
We will coach and approve or remove the post at our discretion.
Related Subreddits Food Cooking Sandwiches Budget Food Whats In My Cupboard SlowCooking Tonights Dinner MimicRecipes a community for   years MODERATORS message the mods discussions in  rrecipes   X    ·   comments   Keema Curry    ·   comments   Roasted cauliflower with mashed potatoes and beetroots    ·   comments    Minute Smoked Salmon Toast with Eggs Herbs and Pea Puree    ·   comments   MisoGlazed Asparagus and Pearl Onions    ·   comments   Duck Dumplings    ·   comments   Spanakorizo Greek Spinach Rice Recipe With Shrimp    ·   comments   Almond Flour Blueberry Muffins    ·   comments   Mutton Pulao    ·   comments   A salmon fillet with a Mediterranean kick    ·   comments   Highly addictive Moroccan almond cigars Welcome to Reddit the front page of the internet.
Become a Redditor and join one of thousands of communities.
×    MisoGlazed Asparagus and Pearl Onions FruitVegetarian    i.redd.it  submitted   hours ago  by  BushyEyes  comments share save hide report loading... all  comments sorted by  best top new controversial old random qa live beta Want to add to the discussion Post a comment Create an account – BushyEyes  S     points  points  points    hours ago    children  ounces red pearl onions  tablespoon neutral oil  tablespoons plantbased butter or use dairy if not vegan  tablespoons red or white miso paste*  tablespoon brown sugar  teaspoons rice vinegar  teaspoons light soy sauce  teaspoon chili oil  pound asparagus woody ends removed Salt to taste Sliced scallions and sesame seeds optional for garnish Prep the pearl onions Bring a small pot of water to a boil.
Once boiling add the pearl onions and cook for  minutes.
Drain and immediately transfer to an ice bath.
Once the onions are cool to handle carefully snip off a sliver of the root end using sharp scissors.
Squeeze the top of the onion to pop the onion from its skin.
Continue until all the onions are peeled.
Fry the onions Heat  tablespoon neutral oil in a large skillet over medium heat.
Add the onions and sauté for  minutes turning occasionally until they begin to brown and soften.
Season with salt.
Prepare the sauce Microwave  tablespoons plantbased butter in a bowl until melted.
Add the miso paste brown sugar rice vinegar light soy sauce and chili oil and whisk until smooth.
Taste and adjust the seasonings to your preference.
Cook the asparagus Add the asparagus spears to the skillet with the onions.
Cook for  minutes until almost forktender.
Finish the misoglazed asparagus Pour in the miso glaze and turn the heat to mediumhigh.
As soon as it begins to bubble reduce heat and simmer for – minutes or until the glaze thickens and the asparagus is forktender and bright green.
Taste and season.
Turn off the heat.
To serve Arrange the asparagus and red onions on a serving platter.
Garnish with sesame seeds and sliced scallions.
Enjoy permalink embed save report give award reply – CGBSpender    point  points  points    hour ago    child I really love your posts.
Thanks so much for what you do.
permalink embed save parent report give award reply – BushyEyes  S     points  point  points    minutes ago    children Thank you permalink embed save parent report give award reply – TwoTwoWorld    point  points  points    hours ago    children Looks delicious The asparagus and pearl onions seem to complement each other so well.
permalink embed save report give award reply about blog about advertising careers help site rules Reddit help center reddiquette mod guidelines contact us apps  tools Reddit for iPhone Reddit for Android mobile website  reddit premium reddit coins Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our  User Agreement  and  Privacy Policy .
reddit inc. All rights reserved.
REDDIT and the ALIEN Logo are registered trademarks of reddit inc.
Advertise  lifestyles π   Rendered by PID  on  redditservicerarmtestddqfb  at  .
running unknown country code US.
