globeenvironment environment"ksprod" application"simplyrecipes" dataCenter"useast" Pinterest Pins Facebook Open Graph Tags Twitter Cards button button SimplyRecipes.com saved recipes Recipes Breakfast Lunch Dinner Dessert Drinks Snacks  Appetizers Holidays  Seasonal Recipes Recipes by Diet Recipes by Method Recipes by Ingredients Recipes by Time  Ease Recipes by Cuisine View all Quick  Easy Quick Dinners Easy  Healthy Quick Vegetarian Easy Pastas Easy Chicken View all In the Kitchen An AZ Guide to Cooking Terms and Definitions Meal Plans Recipe Collections Tips  Techniques Ingredient Guides Cuisine Guides View all Table Talk Most Recent News  Trends Voices View all Holidays  Seasons The Microwave PowerUp Celebrating Jollof Rice and Its Journey Across the Atlantic Vegan for Everyone Soup Recipes View all About us Search Search Close search saved recipes About Simply Recipes Expand Who We Are Our History Recipe Development  Testing Diversity  Inclusion Comments Product Reviews Meet the Team About Dotdash Meredith Contact Us Work With Us Write for Us Advertise With Us Who We Are Simply Recipes is here to help you cook delicious meals with less stress and more joy.
We offer recipes and cooking advice  for home cooks by home cooks .
Helping create kitchen wins is what were all about.
Simply Recipes was founded in  by Elise Bauer as a home cooking blog to record her favorite family recipes.
Today Simply Recipes has grown into a trusted resource for home cooks with more than  tested recipes guides and meal plans drawing over  million readers each month from around the world.
Were supported by a diverse group of recipe developers food writers recipe and product testers photographers and other creative professionals.
Our History Elise Bauer was a busy Silicon Valley executive when she became sick with a flu that wouldnt go away in .
In  Elise moved home with her parents and lived with them for several years recovering from chronic fatigue and documenting her parents cooking on Simply Recipes.
Heres more of that story .
Over the years what started as a small blog grew to reach millions of readers every month In  Simply Recipes was acquired by Dotdash Meredith a New Yorkbased media company.
Recipe Development  Testing Our recipes primarily use fresh unprocessed ingredients but we also believe there is a time and a place for canned frozen and other prepared ingredients.
We believe in a diet that includes a wide variety of foods real butter and cream extra virgin olive oil eggs lots of fruits and vegetables and protein from meat fish beans and cheese.
Plus cake for dessert.
There are three things we think about when deciding if a recipe is good enough to go on Simply Recipes First does it work  Recipes need to be easy to follow and provide reliable results every time.
Second is it delicious  Does the dish make us smile inside and out Do we want to eat the whole batch by ourselves Third is it worth the effort  Do we want to make it again and again and again To make sure each of these standards is met we start by working with expert recipe developers  — people with the experience and knowledge to not only develop a good recipe in their own kitchens but to make sure that recipe works in yours.
Next we thoroughly review and edit every recipe inhouse line by line.
Finally each new recipe is run by our team of recipe testers working in home kitchens with the same pots pans and tools that you use in yours.
Only after all this is the recipe shared on Simply Recipes.
Additionally at Simply Recipes we aspire to provide the highest quality content produced by humans for humans.
It is against our guidelines to publish automatically generated content using AI artificial intelligence writing tools such as ChatGPT.
Have feedback for us Wed love to hear from you Please contact the team at  contact@simplyrecipes.com .
Diversity  Inclusion Everyone is welcome at the Simply Recipes table people of all races religions genders sexual orientations ages backgrounds and abilities.
We strive to be a resource for every home cook and we consciously work to make this inclusion felt in every part of the site from the individuals we hire to the recipes we share.
Were not perfect but we hope to get more right than we get wrong.
For a full look at our  Diversity  Inclusion commitments and a recap of our commitments and progress from previous years please see  HERE .
Procedure for Reporting a Concern If you have concerns about cultural appropriation bias or insensitivity in any of our articles please let us know via  contact@simplyrecipes.com .
Your concern will be reviewed by a member of our editorial team and by a member of our AntiBias Review Board.
Once the best course of action is determined we send a reply to your email letting you know how the matter is being addressed.
Comments We review and approve every comment left on the site and generally respond to questions within  to  days.
When leaving comments we ask that you think of Simply Recipes as our home.
Constructive feedback is always welcome but rude mean disrespectful or spammy comments are not welcome and will not be approved.
Product Reviews Our product reviews and recommendations are independent and based on extensive research and product testing.
If you visit links within our content we may receive commissions from your purchases.
Learn more about our review process  here .
Meet the Team Emma has over  years of experience creating food and cooking content for both web and print and another  years within the print publishing industry.
She joined the Simply Recipes team in  as Managing Editor and is the former Recipe Editor for Kitchn.
In her career she has been an editor a writer a recipe developer a photographer and a video producer.
Emma is the author of three books on homebrewing True Brews Brew Better Beer and Modern Cider and collaborated on the James Beard awardwinning The Kitchn Cookbook.
Her recipes and writing have been published in Kitchn Fine Cooking Chicago Tribune and elsewhere.
Read more Emma Christensen Associate General Manager Read more Ariel Knutson Associate Editorial Director News Food  Drink Sara began contributing to Simply Recipes in .
Shes been writing recipes since  teaching cooking classes since  and giving foraging presentations since .
She was the founding food editor for the pop culture Paste Magazine.
Read more Sara Bir Senior Editor Brooke is the Senior Social Media Editor at Simply Recipes where she manages brand growth across Facebook Instagram Pinterest and Flipboard as well as big picture strategy and influencer marketing.
Brooke spent two years as the Social Media Editor at The Spruce Eats as well as two years at Real Simple prior to joining Simply Recipes in .
She has worked as a writer print and digital editor social media manager and production assistant at various other brands including SHAPE Fitness Magazine BRIDES Thrillist and Parents.
Read more Brooke Schuldt Senior Social Media Manager Myo trained under James Beard Award winner Chef Michael Anthony while working at his Michelinstarred restaurant Gramercy Tavern and Untitled at the Whitney Museum.
Her recipes writing and food styling can be found on King Arthur Baking Food Network Delish Food Good Housekeeping Institute and LIVEKINDLY.
She collaborated on the cookbook Delish Vegan Dinners and the production of Food Networks Worst Cooks in America Worst Bakers in America Valeries Home Cooking Trishas Southern Kitchen and Girl Meets Farm.
She hosted cooking lessons on Food Network Kitchens app.
When Myo became a mom to three boys her cooking shifted to the same meal prepworthy and nourishing dishes that she grew up eating as a Korean Paraguayan.
Read more Myo Quinn Senior Editor News  Features Laurel has been a recipe developer and food writer for over  years.
She has written for The Spruce Eats Food Los Angeles Magazine EatingWell Eaten Magazine Serious Eats Insider Paste Magazine and more.
She is the author of four cookbooks including the bestseller The Instant Pot Electric Cookbook and The Unofficial Simpsons Cookbook.
She began writing for Simply Recipes in early .
Read more Laurel Randolph Editor Wanda has been writing developing and photographing recipes since .
Her love for food started early on as she watched her greatgrandmother create amazing masterpieces in the kitchen.
Following in her grandmothers footsteps she started the food blog "Tried and True Bakes" and has been pursuing new flavors and culinary experiences ever since.
After leaving her position in college admissions Wanda received her cooking certificate from Leiths School of Food and Wine and started a career in production.
Read more Wanda Abraham Visual Editor Elise Bauer is the founder of SimplyRecipes.com.
A blogging pioneer Elise first created Simply Recipes in  as a way to keep track of her familys recipes and over the years grew it into one of the most popular cooking websites in the world.
Whether sharing recipes explaining cooking techniques or mentoring fellow bloggers Elise at heart is an educator and believes that by generously sharing what we know everyone benefits.
Before diving into the food world she was a marketing executive in Silicon Valley for  years with Internet startups as well companies such as Apple and Symantec.
Read more Elise Bauer Founder Eric is the senior vice president of Dotdash Merediths Food  Drink group.
Before joining Dotdash Meredith in  Eric spent  years working in lifestyle media at Condé Nast where he led operations and finance for various brands including Epicurious  Gourmet  and Brides.com.
Prior to Conde Nast he worked in the business department at the New York Press as well as in commercial and TV production.
Eric is an avid home cook and lover of all things foodrelated.
Although not professionally trained as a chef he has taken dozens of recreational cooking classes.
His current food obsession is perfecting his sourdough to get that perfect light and airy crumb with a dark and crispy crust.
Read more Eric Handelsman Senior Vice President Dotdash Meredith Food  Drink Alison is the Associate Product Director for Dotdash Meredith Food  Drink and joined the company in .
Prior to joining Dotdash Meredith Alison worked as product manager at MyRecipes.com and CookingLight.com.
She first began her career in product management at Time Inc. in the lifestyle media group working on Health.com.
She studied at Lehigh University graduating with a B.A.
in journalism and global studies.
Read more Alison Mango Associate Product Director Dotdash Meredith Food  Drink Nick leads design for Simply Recipes and the Dotdash Food  Drink group.
He joined Dotdash in  and has held several roles around the company since then.
He got his start in print design making the switch to digital about a decade ago.
Nick is focused on designing experiences that are both fun and easy to use.
He received a BA from Flagler College in St. Augustine Florida.
He recently moved to Charleston SC and when not working you can usually find him in the garden.
Nick loves to try new things in the kitchen a few years ago he attempted to cook a Christmas goose for his extended family and while it was an utter disaster it was a good learning experience.
Read more Nick Reiter Associate Design Director Dotdash Meredith Food  Drink About Dotdash Meredith Dotdash Meredith is the largest digital and print publisher in America.
From mobile to magazines nearly  million people trust us to help them make decisions take action and find inspiration.
Dotdash Merediths over  iconic brands include PEOPLE Better Homes  Gardens Verywell FOOD  WINE The Spruce Allrecipes Byrdie REAL SIMPLE Investopedia Southern Living and more.
Dotdash Meredith Press Read  about Dotdash Meredith and our family of brands in the news.
Meet Our Senior Management Team Learn more about the team behind Dotdash Meredith  here .
Contact Us Have something youd like to let us know Whether you have a comment on a recipe or an idea to share we would love to hear from you  contact@simplyrecipes.com .
For press inquiries email us at  contact@simplyrecipes.com .
If you are contacting us regarding a job posting from Upwork or another job posting site  please be aware of fraudulent recruiters offering opportunities at Simply Recipes and Dotdash Meredith.
Note that any correspondence with a member of the Simply Recipes or Dotdash Meredith recruiting team will come from a @ dotdash.com  or @simplyrecipes.com email address or through the Upwork messaging platform through Dotdash Merediths enterprise account.
If you are in conversations for a job opportunity and wish to confirm its validity please reach out directly to  security@dotdash.com .
For valid work opportunities with our site please see below.
Work With Us Join our team of topnotch editors designers marketers and others as we continue to make a difference every day in the lives of Simply Recipes readers.
View job openings Write for Us We are always on the lookout for new expert voices to join our team of recipe developers and writers.
Please submit pitches along with three examples of your published work print or online and a brief bio to  write@simplyrecipes.com .
We accept pitches for recipes howtos tips and techniquedriven posts.
We do not accept pitches for travel writing restaurant reviews or dining out stories.
Please review our site before pitching us.
Please note that we do not accept unsolicited guest posts or articles.
Advertise With Us Simply Recipes offers the highest value to advertisers through a combination of scale credibility and intent.
Interested in advertising with us Email us at  advertise@dotdash.com  or check out our media kit to learn more.
SimplyRecipes.com Sign up for our weekly newsletters Ready to cook Email Address Sign up There was an error.
Please try again.
Lets be friends Instagram Pinterest Facebook Twitter YouTube Recipes Quick  Easy In the Kitchen Buying Guides Holidays  Seasons About Us Advertise Terms of Use Careers Editorial Guidelines Privacy Policy Contact Do Not Sell My Personal Information Simply Recipes is part of the  Dotdash Meredith  publishing family.
Google Tag Manager Testing End Google Tag Manager By clicking Accept All Cookies you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation analyze site usage and assist in our marketing efforts.
Cookies Settings   Accept All Cookies  Close Button   Close Button END
