Fox News Media   Fox News Media Fox Business Fox Nation Fox News Audio Fox Weather Outkick Books   Fox News       U.S.
Politics World Opinion Media Entertainment Sports Lifestyle Video   More   Expand  Collapse search   Login   Watch TV   Menu           U.S.   Crime Military Education Terror Immigration Economy Personal Freedoms Fox News Investigates World   U.N.
Conflicts Terrorism Disasters Global Economy Environment Religion Scandals Opinion   Politics   Executive Senate House Judiciary Foreign Policy Polls Elections Entertainment   Celebrity News Movies TV News Music News Style News Entertainment Video Business   Personal Finance Economy Markets Watchlist Lifestyle Real Estate Tech Lifestyle   Food  Drink Cars  Trucks Travel  Outdoors House  Home Fitness  Wellbeing Style  Beauty Family Faith Science   Archaeology Air  Space Planet Earth Wild Nature Natural Science Dinosaurs Tech   Security Innovation Drones Computers Video Games Military Tech Health   Coronavirus Healthy Living Medical Research Mental Health Cancer Heart Health Childrens Health TV   Shows Personalities Watch Live Full Episodes Show Clips News Clips About   Contact Us Careers Fox Around the World Advertise With Us Media Relations Corporate Information Compliance Other Fox Business Fox Weather Fox Nation Fox News Shop Fox News Go Fox News Radio Outkick Newsletters Podcasts Apps  Products   Fox News   New Terms of Use   New Privacy Policy   Your Privacy Choices   Closed Captioning Policy   Help   Contact Us This material may not be published broadcast rewritten or redistributed.
FOX News Network LLC.
All rights reserved.
Quotes displayed in realtime or delayed by at least  minutes.
Market data provided by  Factset .
Powered and implemented by  FactSet Digital Solutions .
Legal Statement .
Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by  Refinitiv Lipper .
Facebook   Twitter   Instagram   RSS   Email                             FOOD   Published    April   am EDT   National Grilled Cheese Day History of the holiday and how to spice up classic sandwich recipe   Celebrate National Grilled Cheese Day with a side of your favorite tomato soup By Phillip Nieto      Gabriele Regalbuto        Fox News       Facebook   Twitter   Flipboard   Comments   Print   Email     close             Video   Tampa the birthplace of amazing Cuban sandwich according to local lore   The multicultural Cuban sandwich was first made in Tampas Ybor City neighborhood to feed Cuban workers at local cigar makers.
Miami also claims to be home of the allAmerican sandwich.
National Grilled Cheese Day  is a lighthearted holiday designed to give Americans time to enjoy their favorite comfort food.
The  grilled cheese sandwich  is a simple American lunch delicacy that requires a stove butter two slices of bread and cheese.
It is not officially recognized as a federal holiday in the United States — but its still a time to treat yourself to your favorite meal.
HOW TO MAKE THE ULTIMATE MAINE LOBSTER GRILLED CHEESE SANDWICH       Read below to find out the most creative ways for your family and friends to celebrate National Grilled Cheese Day.
How do you celebrate National Grilled Cheese Day National Grilled Cheese Day may be celebrated by yourself friends and family in various ways to honor American comfort foods the most common practice is to cook a classic grilled cheese sandwich for lunch or dinner.
The typical method for this recipe would include adding your favorite kind of cheese between two slices of buttered bread and grilling on the stove until it is the perfect shade of brown.
You can add a variety of different cheese to improve your grilled cheese sandwich this April .
iStock Most people generally enjoy a grilled cheese sandwich with a side of homemade tomato soup.
For this unofficial national holiday you could stick with this traditional combination or add different cheeses and bread as well as a salad or chicken noodle soup.
The possibilities for grilled cheese variations are many — so add creativity to your holiday meal.
You can celebrate National Grilled Cheese Day by visiting  your favorite gourmet restaurant  to order your favorite kind of grilled cheese sandwich.
STEVE DOOCYS LASAGNE GRILLED CHEESE SANDWICH RECIPE ‘BEST DARN SANDWICH OF MY LIFE What is the history of National Grilled Cheese Day National Grilled Cheese Day is an unofficial American holiday that highlights the variety of daily comfort foods millions of Americans enjoy.
However the holiday itself is relatively new.
During the late s the holiday was first created and is now celebrated in a variety of states – but it is not recognized by the federal government.
next Image  of    One of the most popular side dishes for a grilled cheese sandwich is a bowl of tomato soup.
Getty Images prev Image  of    Children and adults love to enjoy grilled cheese sandwiches in the United States.
Getty Images Historians believe that people have enjoyed grilled cheese sandwiches for centuries.
Still the modern version of the food became popularized after the invention of the bread slicer and the creation of processed cheese during the  Industrial Revolution .
These two items made creating simple everyday sandwiches such as grilled cheese easier for millions of Americans.
CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP       When is National Grilled Cheese Day celebrated National Grilled Cheese Day occurs every year on the same date – April .
The holiday is primarily meant to appeal to Americans who enjoy lunch items comfort foods and sandwiches.
Where are the most popular grilled cheese sandwiches served While the classic grilled cheese is butter bread and cheese there are numerous ways you can get creative with your recipes.
In Boca Raton Florida New York Grilled Cheese – yes thats the name of the restaurant –  serves its sandwiches on waffles.
At Melt Bar  Grill located in various parts of Cleveland and Columbus Ohio you can order a Gourmet Grilled Cheese with brisket deepfried macaroni and cheese pizza rolls and more.
At Clinton Hall in NYC youll find a glazed doughnut filled with melted mozzarella over a pot of hot tomato soup.
No matter where youre located around the U.S. its more than likely youll find a grilled cheese that includes some delicious twist.
At Clinton Hall in NYC you can find a unique grilled cheese sandwiched between a glazed donut.
iStock CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR OUR LIFESTYLE NEWSLETTER How can I spice up my own grilled cheese sandwich for National Grilled Cheese Day If youre definitely in the mood for something a little more unique than just the classic grilled cheese try one or all of the following additions to your sandwich.
Add bacon and tomato.
While a full BLT includes lettuce the heat from both sides of the grilled cheese bread may make it taste a little funky so for this recipe just stick with the BT in BLT.
Include elbow macaroni with your cheese.
For this recipe feel free to add the mac and cheese to your grilled cheese or just fill the  bread slices with mac and cheese  itself and skip the additional dairy.
Add avocado and redpepper flakes.
This recipe is avocado toast meets classic grilled cheese.
Make it Italian style.
Add pepperoni capicola or salami – or all three at a time.
Cured Italian meats are obviously delicious with cheese and bread so add them for extra flavor.
Stack mushrooms of all kinds between the bread.
A combo of cooked crimino portabello and shiitake mushrooms with your layers of bread and cheese would be Primo supremo for this recipe.
Fun stories about food relationships the great outdoors and more.
Arrives  Weekly Subscribe Subscribed Subscribe Youve successfully subscribed to this newsletter U.S.   Crime Military Education Terror Immigration Economy Personal Freedoms Fox News Investigates World   U.N.
Conflicts Terrorism Disasters Global Economy Environment Religion Scandals Opinion   Politics   Executive Senate House Judiciary Foreign Policy Polls Elections Entertainment   Celebrity News Movies TV News Music News Style News Entertainment Video Business   Personal Finance Economy Markets Watchlist Lifestyle Real Estate Tech Lifestyle   Food  Drink Cars  Trucks Travel  Outdoors House  Home Fitness  Wellbeing Style  Beauty Family Faith Science   Archaeology Air  Space Planet Earth Wild Nature Natural Science Dinosaurs Tech   Security Innovation Drones Computers Video Games Military Tech Health   Coronavirus Healthy Living Medical Research Mental Health Cancer Heart Health Childrens Health TV   Shows Personalities Watch Live Full Episodes Show Clips News Clips About   Contact Us Careers Fox Around the World Advertise With Us Media Relations Corporate Information Compliance Other Fox Business Fox Weather Fox Nation Fox News Shop Fox News Go Fox News Radio Outkick Newsletters Podcasts Apps  Products   Facebook   Twitter   Instagram   Youtube   Flipboard   LinkedIn   Slack   RSS   Newsletters   Spotify   iHeartRadio   Fox News   New Terms of Use   New Privacy Policy   Your Privacy Choices   Closed Captioning Policy   Help   Contact Us   Accessibility Statement This material may not be published broadcast rewritten or redistributed.
FOX News Network LLC.
All rights reserved.
Quotes displayed in realtime or delayed by at least  minutes.
Market data provided by  Factset .
Powered and implemented by  FactSet Digital Solutions .
Legal Statement .
Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by  Refinitiv Lipper .
