jump to content my subreddits edit subscriptions popular  all  random  users    AskReddit  funny  worldnews  gaming  pics  movies  videos  explainlikeimfive  news  todayilearned  OldSchoolCool  mildlyinteresting  books  LifeProTips  aww  TwoXChromosomes  Jokes  dataisbeautiful  science  nottheonion  Music  IAmA  tifu  UpliftingNews  Showerthoughts  photoshopbattles  askscience  Futurology  gifs  space  food  gadgets  Art  DIY  nosleep  Documentaries  GetMotivated  history  WritingPrompts  InternetIsBeautiful  philosophy  sports  EarthPorn  creepy  announcements  listentothis  blog more »   recipes comments Want to join  Log in  or  sign up  in seconds.
English limit my search to rrecipes use the following search parameters to narrow your results subreddit subreddit find submissions in "subreddit" author username find submissions by "username" site example.com find submissions from "example.com" url text search for "text" in url selftext text search for "text" in self post contents selfyes or selfno include or exclude self posts nsfwyes or nsfwno include or exclude results marked as NSFW e.g.
subredditaww siteimgur.com dog see the search faq for details.
advanced search by author subreddit... this post was submitted on    Apr     points  % upvoted shortlink   remember me reset password login Submit your image and formatted recipe Get an adfree experience with special benefits and directly support Reddit.
get reddit premium recipes join leave    readers    users here now Share your cooking repertoire with our community Filters Dessert Beef Pasta Pork Poultry Seafood Vegetarian Discussion Drink Budget Question Picture Remove Filters Rules All recipes must be formatted properly.
youll get an orangered on comments.
All posts require mod approval and are auto removed until so  How to submit a well formatted recipe can be found  here ...  OR SEE THIS EXAMPLE HERE ... or try these tips   One hyper link per recipe .
All posts must have a formatted text recipe.
BlogYTIGTweeter links can only be in the formatted text recipes and users must follow site wide self promotion guidelines of posting .
Url shorteners bit.ly and amazon links are not allowed.
One link per post.
Deletes and reposts without mod direction will result in account removal.
No food porn.
No polls.
No excessive self promotion without engagement.
Link post must contain the formatted recipe in the comments.
We only allow direct post links from imgur.com and i.reddituploads.com.
VIDEO POSTS ARE NOT ALLOWED.
Self posts may contain links but the recipe must be formatted and approved.
a.
We enforce reddiquette as a rule.
Be constructive if you criticize or do not comment with hateful rude political or otherwise unnecessary comments to troll.
We do not allow hate spite bigotry racism or otherwise mean users here.
No warnings instant ban Recipe titles should be clear and concise.
HOW TO SUBMIT A POST Submit your image link.
It will be auto filtered.
Type up a formatted text recipe in the comments.
Copy the url of your new post and send a modmail with the url pasted link in the modmail.
We will review the post.
We will coach and approve or remove the post at our discretion.
Related Subreddits Food Cooking Sandwiches Budget Food Whats In My Cupboard SlowCooking Tonights Dinner MimicRecipes a community for   years MODERATORS message the mods discussions in  rrecipes   X    ·   comments   Keema Curry    ·   comments   Roasted cauliflower with mashed potatoes and beetroots    ·   comments    Minute Smoked Salmon Toast with Eggs Herbs and Pea Puree    ·   comments   MisoGlazed Asparagus and Pearl Onions    ·   comments   Duck Dumplings    ·   comments   Spanakorizo Greek Spinach Rice Recipe With Shrimp    ·   comments   Almond Flour Blueberry Muffins    ·   comments   Mutton Pulao    ·   comments   A salmon fillet with a Mediterranean kick    ·   comments   Highly addictive Moroccan almond cigars Welcome to Reddit the front page of the internet.
Become a Redditor and join one of thousands of communities.
×    Vegan Puerto Rican Rice Arroz con Gandules Recipe    i.redd.it  submitted   days ago  by  mocktailfoodie  comments share save hide report loading... all  comments sorted by  best top new controversial old random qa live beta Want to add to the discussion Post a comment Create an account – mocktailfoodie  S     points  points  points    days ago    children Original Recipe Here  Vegan Arroz con Gandules Ingredients  can Pigeon Peas  cups Rice  tbsp Tomato Paste  tsp Sazon  tsp Adobo  tbsp Recaito  tbsp Coconut Oil  Leaves Bay Leaves  tsp Oregano  tsp Salt  tbsp Lemon Juice  cups LowSodium Vegetable Broth  whole Green Olives Optional  bunch Cilantro Optional Instructions Prep Rinse the rice using a fine mesh strainer and set it to the side.
Place the cast iron pot on the stovetop and set it to mediumhigh heat.
Add the coconut oil and sofrito and cook for roughly  minutes stirring carefully.
Add all the spices and tomato paste and stir for  minutes.
Add the canned gandules pigeon peas with the liquid and green olives optional and cook for  minutes.
Continue to stir until the gandules are slightly al dente.
Mix in the rice and stir until the rice is well mixed and coated in the tomato paste sauce.
Then add the broth and a drop of lemon juice and continue cooking at mediumhigh heat until the water evaporates.
Once the water has evaporated reduce to very low heat and cook for  minutes with the lid on.
After cooking for  minutes keep the lid on remove from heat and let sit for  minutes.
Optional Rinse and chop cilantro add to the cooked rice and mix.
Enjoy Tip Serve with a light salad with vinaigrette or a creamy vegan pasta salad.
permalink embed save report give award reply – TwoTwoWorld    point  points  points    days ago    children Ive never tried Puerto Rican rice.
I look forward to trying this out soon  permalink embed save report give award reply – RedBeardFace    point  points  points    days ago    children I just had some for the first time this past week and I cant recommend it enough.
If you can find a jibarito to go with it even better permalink embed save parent report give award reply – mocktailfoodie  S     points  point  points    days ago    children I hope you do and let me know if you enjoyed the recipe.
permalink embed save parent report give award reply  androidmids   comment score below threshold  points  points  points    days ago    child Uuummmmmmm You dont have to say vegan in front of stuff unless its normally cooked with meat.
Examples Vegan rice Vegan cucumbers Vegan salad Vegan potatoes 😀😀😀😀 Nice recipe looks yummy added upvote permalink embed save report give award reply – HauntingEye    points  points  points    days ago    children But it is normally made with meat Im from Puerto Rico and we always use smoked ham bacon and pork.
Also it traditionally uses pig lard infused with annatto.
permalink embed save parent report give award reply – ArmadilloStill    points  point  points    days ago    child That looks delicious permalink embed save report give award reply – mocktailfoodie  S     points  point  points    days ago    children Amazing Thank you for the feedback.
permalink embed save parent report give award reply – WestOpinion    points  point  points    days ago    child Yes permalink embed save report give award reply – mocktailfoodie  S     points  point  points    days ago    children  permalink embed save parent report give award reply about blog about advertising careers help site rules Reddit help center reddiquette mod guidelines contact us apps  tools Reddit for iPhone Reddit for Android mobile website  reddit premium reddit coins Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our  User Agreement  and  Privacy Policy .
reddit inc. All rights reserved.
REDDIT and the ALIEN Logo are registered trademarks of reddit inc.
Advertise  lifestyles π   Rendered by PID  on  redditservicerloggedoutfdbfczdbw  at  .
running  country code US.
