New Relic Browser snippet  should be before everything else The design nodes specified the header path.
Generally you can find this specified at etcdesignsSITEbasePageheader@header SDI include path contentfoodcomnavigationConfigsheaderjcrcontentheader.cache.html resourceType foodcomcomponentsnavigationheader Watch Full Seasons TV Schedule Newsletters Videos Sweepstakes Classes Magazine Blog Shows AZ Chefs AZ Restaurants Recipes on TV Recipes Recipes Mothers Day Dishes Comfort Food Recipes Ultimate Baking Guide Healthy Meals  More On TV See All Recipes Recipe of the Day Spaghetti with Oil and Garlic Aglio e Olio Trending Recipes Crispy PanFried Pork Chops Strawberry Ricotta Bruschetta Instant Pot Chicken Cacciatore Dump Dinner Mollys Carrot Cake with Spiced Cream Cheese Frosting Shows Shows TV Schedule See TV Schedule Valeries Home Cooking am  c Valeries Home Cooking am  c Valeries Home Cooking am  c Valeries Home Cooking am  c The Pioneer Woman am  c The Pioneer Woman am  c The Pioneer Woman am  c The Pioneer Woman am  c The Pioneer Woman pm  c The Pioneer Woman pm  c Guys Grocery Games pm  c Guys Grocery Games pm  c Tournament of Champions pm  c Guys Grocery Games pm  c Guys Grocery Games pm  c Guys Grocery Games pm  c Guys Grocery Games pm  c Guys Grocery Games pm  c On Tonight Guys Grocery Games pm  c Guys Grocery Games pm  c Guys Grocery Games am  c Guys Grocery Games am  c Guys Grocery Games am  c Guys Grocery Games am  c The Great Food Truck Race am  c See All Shows Popular Shows Ciao House Alex vs America Diners DriveIns and Dives In the Kitchen The Pioneer Woman The Kitchen Girl Meets Farm Chefs Chefs Chefs  Hosts Kardea Brown Ree Drummond Ina Garten Sunny Anderson Bobby Flay Valerie Bertinelli Guy Fieri Molly Yeh See All Chefs Trending Trending Trending Eats Newsletters The Latest TikToks Fruit RollUp Ice Cream Hack Lives Up to the Hype Just Eat the NonOrganic Blueberries – Heres Why You Should Disregard the ‘Dirty Dozen Jadeite Dishes Are Making a Comeback — Heres What You Need to Know About This Trend Currently Obsessed With... Taco Bell Brings Back Its Volcano Menu Which Includes the ‘Spiciest Burrito Ever Hydro Flask Wants You to Trade In Your Old Water Bottles Shop Shop Product Reviews Gift Ideas Shop Everything Newsletter Shop Now Whats New  Best Wine Glasses for Every Type of Drinker According to a Sommelier We Tried Caraways Cookware Set and It Lives Up to the Hype  Best Tequilas According to a Spirits Expert  Best Bento Boxes That Will Instantly Upgrade Your Packed Lunch The Best Compost Bins According to Gardeners and Farmers Sweepstakes Sweepstakes Spring Into Cooking All Sweepstakes  Contests Enter Daily for Your Chance to Win $ Whats on TV Clear Icon Search Icon Home Recipes Minute Dinner Recipes Thatll Save Your Weeknights Wondering  what to make for dinner tonight These quick and easy recipes will help you g et a meal on the table in a halfhour—or less.
October   Save Collection Pinterest Facebook Twitter Email By Food Network Kitchen Related To Easy Main Dish Main Dish The  Best Minute Dinner Ideas Minute Turkey Chili Photo By Renee Comet Classic Shrimp Scampi Hot Sausage CastIron Skillet Pan Pizza Photo By Scott Gries Sesame Pork Milanese Sweet and Sour Glazed Shrimp Photo By Armando Rafael Skillet Chicken Tortellini Alfredo Photo By Matt Armendariz Quick Chick and Noodle Soup Photo By Teri Lyn Fisher Turmeric Chicken Flatbread Photo By Matt Chicken Scampi Pasta Photo By Matt Armendariz BLT Bean Salad Photo By Matt Pork Chops Pizzaiola Photo By Alice Gao  Television Food Network G.P.
All Rights Reserved Quick and Healthy Tandoori Chicken Photo By Armando Rafael Buffalo Chicken Enchiladas Photo By Teri Lyn Fisher Minute Coq au Vin Salmon with Chermoula Sauce and Couscous Photo By Photograph by Andrew Purcell IndianSpiced Pepper Steak Photo By Scott Gries Minute Sausage and Pepper Ravioli Skillet Photo By Renee Comet PretzelMustardCrusted Pork Sliders Crispy Chicken Thighs with Caramelized Lemon Rinds Photo By Teri Lyn Fisher Minute PanSeared Salmon with Baby Bok Choy and Shiitake Mushrooms Photo By Renee Comet  Television Food Network G.P.
All Rights Reserved LemonGarlic Skillet Chicken and Potatoes Photo By Tara Donne Ingredient Instant Pot Mac and Cheese Photo By Armando Rafael Chicken StirFry Photo By Alice Gao  Television Food Network G.P.
All Rights Reserved Escarole and Bean Soup Photo By Tara Donne Minute Roasted Pork with Grapes and Couscous Photo By Renee Comet  Television Food Network G.P.
All Rights Reserved Hummus Bowls with Spiced Lamb Photo By Andrew Purcell Pantry Pizza Pronto Tomatoey Simmered Frozen Salmon Photo By Renee Comet Spaghetti alla Carbonara Photo By Armando Rafael Moutela  Television Food Network G.P.
All Rights Reserved.
Cooking Channel LLC.
All Rights Reserved.
Stuffed Cabbage Cups Photo By Renee Comet Minute Grilled Chicken Thighs with Watermelon and Feta Salad Photo By Renee Comet  Television Food Network G.P.
All Rights Reserved Ravioli a la Betsy Quick Rotisserie Chicken Pot Pies Photo By Scott Gries Ravioli with Lemon Peas and Pancetta Glazed Salmon with Spiced Carrots Photo By Antonis Achilleos Convenience Caesar Grilled Steak with Greek Corn Salad Minute Cod with Lemony Braised Fennel Photo By Renee Comet  Television Food Network G.P.
All Rights Reserved Tortellini in Brodo Photo By RYAN DAUSCH Barbecued Chinese Chicken Lettuce Wraps Photo By Tara Donne Tagliatelle with Smashed Peas Sausage and Ricotta Cheese Photo By Alice Gao  Television Food Network G.P.
All Rights Reserved Instant Pot Salmon with Garlic Potatoes and Greens Photo By RYAN DAUSCH Ravioli with SageWalnut Butter Lighter Chicken Parmesan Bacon and Egg Spaghetti Spinach Artichoke Chicken Linguini with Clam Sauce Photo By Teri Lyn Fisher Turkey Pad Thai Photo By Tara Donne FOOD NETWORK    Television Food Network G.P.
HerbandMustard Sirloin with Baked Potatoes Photo By Antonis Achilleos Shrimp StirFry Photo By Stephen Johnson  Television Food Network G.P.
All Rights Reserved Carbonara Fried Rice Photo By Kate Mathis NoPain Lo Mein Photo By Alice Gao  Television Food Network G.P.
All Rights Reserved Cauliflower Fried Rice with Curried Shrimp Penne alla Vodka Photo By Matt Armendariz  Sesame Noodle Salad Photo By Bobbi Lin Lamb or Beef Shakshuka Photo By Scott Gries Ravioli with Chicken Sausage and Kale Photo By Andrew Purcell Chicken Flautas Photo By Antonis Achilleos Soba Noodles with Salmon Photo By RYAN DAUSCH Linguine with Shrimp Scampi Photo By Marshall Troy Television Food Network G.P.
All Rights Reserved OklahomaStyle Smack Burgers with RanchFlavored Tater Tots Photo By Scott Gries Taco Shells and Cheese Fusilli with Spinach and Asiago Cheese Grilled Fish Tacos with Lime Slaw Chicken Cordon Bleu Sandwiches Photo By Antonis Achilleos Creamy Garlicky Shrimp Skillet Photo By Renee Comet KoreanInspired Sloppy Joes and Quick Pickles Photo By Scott Gries EggandBean Dinner Salad Beef Stew with Spinach Pitas Photo By RYAN DAUSCH Penne with Butternut Squash Macaroni and Cheddar Cheese Cold Peanut Soba Noodles with Chicken Photo By Antonis Achilleos Trendy Fried Chicken with Kimchi Slaw Photo By Scott Gries Nacho Chicken Cutlets Photo By RYAN DAUSCH Butternut Squash Noodles with Prosciutto and Sage Photo By  Matt Armendariz Pepperoni Fried Rice Pappardelle with Snap Peas Linguine with Shrimp and Tomatoes Photo By RYAN DAUSCH Chilaquiles Photo By Scott Gries Chipotle Meatball Burritos Italian Meatball Skewers Pita Pizzas ChickenandCheese Enchiladas Chicken Fajita Pasta Photo By Renee Comet Pasta with Vodka Sauce and Shrimp Photo By Scott Gries Tuna Bagel Nicoise Photo By Antonis Achilleos Asian Chicken Salad with Peanut Dressing Photo By RYAN DAUSCH Deviled Chicken Francese Photo By Scott Gries Greek Frittata with DillFeta Salad Photo By RYAN DAUSCH Turkey Sausage Tacos Photo By Justin Walker ParmesanCrusted Chicken Breasts with Veggies Penne with Eggplant Sauce Photo By Justin Walker Everything Salmon Fillets and Cream Cheese Potatoes Photo By Matt Armendariz Mexican Tortilla Pizzas with Chorizo Spicy Tofu and Vegetable Lo Mein Photo By RYAN DAUSCH Chicken Tostadas Photo By The Youngrens Copyright  The Youngrens Inc Chicken Summer Rolls Photo By Tara Donne Minute Spicy Pork and Sweet Potato Stew Photo By Stephen Johnson  Television Food Network G.P.
All Rights Reserved Mushroom Quesadillas with Succotash The  Best Minute Dinner Ideas Theres no denying that getting a  familyfriendly dinner  on the table can be tricky at the best of times let alone on busy weeknights.
But were here to tell you that with the right recipes  easy dinners  preferably ones that  dont require much cleanup  its completely possible to get a home cooked meal on the table in a matter of minutes.
Whether youre craving  chicken breast  a filet of  salmon  thickcut  pork chops  or something else youll find exactly what youre looking for here—starting with Rees super fun take on crispy chicken cutlets.
She adds everything bagel seasoning a savory mix of black and white sesame seeds dried garlic and onion sea salt and poppy seeds to the breadcrumb coating to ensure that each bite is packed with flavor.
Get the Recipe Crispy Everything Chicken Cutlets Minute Turkey Chili Easily made in less than  minutes this Southwestern classic has smoke and heat from the chipotle pepper.
If youre going the meatless route use soy crumbles instead of turkey and enjoy with cilantro sour cream tortilla chips or avocado Get the Recipe Minute Turkey Chili Classic Shrimp Scampi We cant get enough of shrimp scampi  Do we love it because its simple but seemingly fancy Or because its done in  minutes Or because we just cant resist a buttery wine sauce All of the above Get the Recipe Classic Shrimp Scampi Hot Sausage CastIron Skillet Pan Pizza The key to a pan pizza is preheating the pan so the dough starts to cook right after it is placed inside.
Thatll help you get a super crispy crust on the bottom.
Get the Recipe Hot Sausage CastIron Skillet Pan Pizza Sesame Pork Milanese Pounding the pork chops thin helps speed the cooking process allowing you to pull this whole dish together in just  minutes.
If you dont have a meat mallet you can use a heavy skillet instead.
Get the Recipe Sesame Pork Milanese Sweet and Sour Glazed Shrimp You wont believe how easy it is to get the perfect balance of flavors for this shrimp.
Just mix Chinese plum sauce ketchup and rice wine vinegar.
Get the Recipe Sweet and Sour Glazed Shrimp Skillet Chicken Tortellini Alfredo Storebought tortellini are the star of this quick and creamy weeknight meal.
They simmer in their own sauce making this a oneskillet meal with easy cleanup.
Try oneinch pieces of Italian sausage instead of chicken for a variation.
Get the Recipe Skillet Chicken Tortellini Alfredo Quick Chick and Noodle Soup Rachael proves that you dont have to spend all day in the kitchen to make a comforting pot of chicken soup.
Fresh herbs and goodquality chicken stock are key here as they give this speedy recipe that simmeredallday flavor everyone craves.
Get the Recipe Quick Chick and Noodle Soup Turmeric Chicken Flatbread Turmeric is popular in smoothies and juices but we upped the ante and used it to season boneless chicken thighs.
Mixed with pumpkin pie spice it makes a flavorful seasoning for boneless skinless chicken thighs.
Served on top of crispy naan and drizzled on a tangy yogurt sauce youve got a complete meal in just  minutes Get the Recipe Turmeric Chicken Flatbread Chicken Scampi Pasta Chicken takes the place of shrimp in this dish inspired by the Olive Garden classic — making it even more weeknight friendly.
This recipe gets you in and out of the kitchen in less than  minutes.
Get the Recipe Chicken Scampi Pasta BLT Bean Salad All the flavors of a classic BLT sandwich come together in this hearty bean salad.
The homemade herbmayo dressing adds freshness while the crisp bacon and croutons add a welcomed crunch.
Its a great way to use up those pantry beans.
Get the Recipe BLT Bean Salad Pork Chops Pizzaiola Finish browned caramelized pork chops in a quick pan sauce made with red wine chicken stock and tomato paste for an easy flavorpacked main dish ready in  minutes flat.
Get the Recipe Pork Chops Pizzaiola Quick and Healthy Tandoori Chicken This yogurt and curry marinade produces moist tender chicken that gets charred under broiler.
Get the Recipe Quick and Healthy Tandoori Chicken Buffalo Chicken Enchiladas Stuff corn tortillas with a cheesy Buffalo chicken filling for a mashup youll crave again and again.
Its an easy weeknight winner thanks to rotisserie chicken.
Get the Recipe Buffalo Chicken Enchiladas Minute Coq au Vin Classic coq au vin can take up to two days to prepare including marinating the chicken overnight.
We make a red wine sauce with bacon mushrooms and pearl onions the frozen variety so you can skip the tedious peeling then slip in rotisserie chicken parts to warm through and voila Get the Recipe Minute Coq au Vin Salmon with Chermoula Sauce and Couscous What better way to use up cilantro and parsley in the fridge than making a spiced and flavorful herbaceous sauce This Moroccan sauce gets paired with earthy spices like cumin and coriander making it an easy goto coating and marinade for many proteins.
In this recipe its pulsed in a food processor and gets spooned over salmon filets.
This chermoula also calls for adding juice of lemon and the zest but you can try it with preserved lemons for a nice relish.
Get the Recipe Salmon with Chermoula Sauce and Couscous IndianSpiced Pepper Steak The secret to this quick dinners Indianspiced flavor is a mixture of warm earthy spices with bright vegetables and hot peppers.
Get the Recipe IndianSpiced Pepper Steak Minute Sausage and Pepper Ravioli Skillet We took the favorite Italian flavor combo of sausage and peppers and put them in an easy weeknight dish that can be on the table in just  minutes.
Cook the storebought ravioli and colorful sauce at the same time then finish by heating them in the same pan.
Melted provolone is the crowning touch.
Get the Recipe Minute Sausage and Pepper Ravioli Skillet PretzelMustardCrusted Pork Sliders Playing off the classic pairing of pretzels and mustard weve transformed the everyday pork tenderloin into something truly special.
First we slice it into thin cutlets.
Then we coat the cutlets with an egg and mustard mixture and roll them in pretzel crumbs.
Fried until crisp and tucked into adorable slider buns theyre topped with a creamy tangy mustard sauce for an irresistible weeknight meal.
Get the Recipe PretzelMustardCrusted Pork Sliders Crispy Chicken Thighs with Caramelized Lemon Rinds The next time you juice a lemon dont toss the rinds Instead wrap them up and save them in the fridge then make this easy chicken recipe.
It works with zested lemon rinds too.
The rinds get cooked down with the chicken and maple syrup resulting in sweet and tangy pan drippings designed for drizzling over everything.
Get the Recipe Crispy Chicken Thighs with Caramelized Lemon Rinds Minute PanSeared Salmon with Baby Bok Choy and Shiitake Mushrooms We kept the bok choy in big pieces and stacked the mushrooms caps before slicing to cut down on the veggie prep in this quick weeknight dinner.
Use leftover rice if you have it on hand but a fresh batch cooks in well under  minutes.
Get the Recipe Minute PanSeared Salmon with Baby Bok Choy and Shiitake Mushrooms LemonGarlic Skillet Chicken and Potatoes This oneskillet dinner will look like it took you a whole lot longer than  minutes.
Cook the potatoes alongside the crispy chicken thighs and enjoy the evening with minimal cleanup.
Get the Recipe LemonGarlic Skillet Chicken and Potatoes Ingredient Instant Pot Mac and Cheese We love multipurpose kitchen gadgets that make life easier so thats why the Instant Pot a slow cooker pressure cooker and stovetop standin all in one is a goto for quick meals.
Especially this creamy kidfriendly mac and cheese which cooks up in no time.
And after its been gobbled up youll only have one pot to clean Get the Recipe Ingredient Instant Pot Mac and Cheese Chicken StirFry The time it takes to cook and combine this hearty meal is all in its name — cut small pieces of chicken and vegetables and spritz them with teriyaki sauce.
Get the Recipe Chicken StirFry Escarole and Bean Soup A hearty dinner doesnt need to include meat — just ask Giada.
This classic Italian soup is filled with tart escarole and hearty cannellini beans.
A chunk of Parmesan is the secret ingredient that makes the soup silky and rich.
Get the Recipe Escarole and Bean Soup Minute Roasted Pork with Grapes and Couscous This simple weeknight dinner is a wonderful way to enjoy grapes in a different way.
We love how juicy sweet and tart they are when roasted.
Get the Recipe Minute Roasted Pork with Grapes and Couscous Hummus Bowls with Spiced Lamb The base of this recipe is a warm silky hummus that comes together quickly.
We used canned chickpeas tahini garlic lemon and cumin to make it and top it with a fragrantly spiced mixture of ground lamb.
Follow our lead and serve yours with warm pita and cucumber salad.
Get the Recipe Hummus Bowls with Spiced Lamb Pantry Pizza Pronto Why mix up a batch of pizza dough when youve got storebought focaccia on hand Its the perfect timesaving trick on pizza night.
Get the Recipe Pantry Pizza Pronto Tomatoey Simmered Frozen Salmon Frozen salmon is convenient but can be a huge pain when you forget to thaw it ahead of time.
Enter this recipe for simmered frozen salmon in which you gently cook frozen salmon yep without defrosting in a spicy homemade tomato sauce until its practically meltinyourmouth tender.
Get the Recipe Tomatoey Simmered Frozen Salmon Spaghetti alla Carbonara Start this simple dish by sauteing salty pancetta with flavorful garlic then watch it get only better from there.
Mix together eggs and Parmesan which act as a thickener to create the sauce.
Stir into the hot pasta so the eggs cook and the sauce perfectly clings to every strand of spaghetti.
Get the Recipe Spaghetti alla Carbonara Stuffed Cabbage Cups This fresh and faster take on classic steamed cabbage rolls takes half the time but does not sacrifice on flavor.
Its also a cinch to prepare with no fussy filling and rolling each cabbage leaf before cooking.
Instead the sauteed filling is simply scooped into boiled cabbage leaves and topped with a creamy tomato sauce before serving.
Its a meaty hearty and completely satisfying meal for a busy weeknight.
Get the Recipe Stuffed Cabbage Cups Minute Grilled Chicken Thighs with Watermelon and Feta Salad A few timesaving techniques make a complete grilled chicken dinner doable in under a half hour Grating the garlic is faster than chopping it with a knife and adds more garlicky flavor to the dish.
Massaging the marinade into the chicken works its flavors into the meat cutting down on marinating time.
And you can make the sweetandsavory watermelon salad while the chicken marinates.
Get the Recipe Minute Grilled Chicken Thighs with Watermelon and Feta Salad Ravioli a la Betsy Its hard not to love a minute meal — especially when its packed with cheesy pasta and shrimp and topped with a creamy tomato sauce.
Get the Recipe Ravioli a la Betsy Quick Rotisserie Chicken Pot Pies Storebought puff pastry dough and readytoeat rotisserie chicken ensure that this warming dinner can be ready in just  minutes.
Get the Recipe Quick Rotisserie Chicken Pot Pies Ravioli with Lemon Peas and Pancetta We love a good quickfix dinner — like this one made from packaged ravioli.
We elevate the premade pasta by creating a simple homemade sauce with lemon butter and cheese.
Peas and pancetta make it a meal.
Get the Recipe Ravioli with Lemon Peas and Pancetta Glazed Salmon with Spiced Carrots The combination of a sweet honey glaze and highheat cooking creates a golden crunchy layer of flavor on the salmon while coriander and cumin add warm spice to sweet carrots.
Get the Recipe Glazed Salmon with Spiced Carrots Convenience Caesar The name says it all with this quickandsimple recipe.
Ree uses a handful of pantry staples like canned chickpeas dried spices and jarred pesto to turn classic Caesar salad into a satisfying main dish.
How convenient Get the Recipe Convenience Caesar Grilled Steak with Greek Corn Salad Cube steaks are inexpensive and theyre a great way to make midweek steak dinners doable.
A cube steak needs little more than salt and pepper and a quick spin on the grill before its ready to be served alongside grilled corn and vinaigrettecoated veggies.
Get the Recipe Grilled Steak with Greek Corn Salad Minute Cod with Lemony Braised Fennel Youll almost want to eat by candlelight This quick cod dish takes only  minutes to make yet its nothing if not elegant.
Save time by juicing the lemon and slicing the olives while the cod and fennel cook.
Get the Recipe Minute Cod with Lemony Braised Fennel Tortellini in Brodo Its easier than you think to make a vegetablefilled bone broth.
A smoked pork chop adds tons of flavor to this soup and a Parmesan rind gives it extra richness.
Get the Recipe Tortellini in Brodo Barbecued Chinese Chicken Lettuce Wraps For a quick meal thats low in carbs but big on flavor whip up Rachaels chicken lettuce wraps.
Garlic and ginger is a terrific onetwo punch for the sauteed chicken and mushrooms.
And just a few tablespoons of Chinese barbecue sauce go a long way lightly coating and flavoring the meatandveggie filling.
Get the Recipe Barbecued Chinese Chicken Lettuce Wraps Tagliatelle with Smashed Peas Sausage and Ricotta Cheese If you plan it right this sauce should take about as long to prep as it takes to boil the pasta.
The sauce is finished by tossing the pasta and some of its cooking water into the pan with the sauce.
Get the Recipe Tagliatelle with Smashed Peas Sausage and Ricotta Cheese Instant Pot Salmon with Garlic Potatoes and Greens Let your Instant Pot do all the work tonight.
Get buttery smashed potatoes lemony salmon and perfectly cooked greens on the table in only  minutes — and with minimal cleanup.
Get the Recipe Instant Pot Salmon with Garlic Potatoes and Greens Ravioli with SageWalnut Butter See how easy it is to dress up refrigerated ravioli.
A delicious brown butter sauce flavored with fresh sage leaves and toasted walnuts will make the cheesy pillows taste like you spent hours on dinner.
Get the Recipe Ravioli With SageWalnut Butter Lighter Chicken Parmesan Trade your usual chicken breasts for tenders in Rees easy recipe and you can have saucy and cheesy chicken Parmesan on the table in  minutes.
Now thats how you avoid the weeknight dinner rut Get the Recipe Lighter Chicken Parmesan Bacon and Egg Spaghetti Twenty minutes and five ingredients are all you need to make this bacon pasta from Food Network Magazine.
Add a runny sunnysideup egg and a sprinkling of chives on top for the perfect speedy meal.
Get the Recipe Bacon and Egg Spaghetti Spinach Artichoke Chicken This quick and easy dinner features everything you love about spinach and artichoke dip salty Parmesan cheese a hint of garlic and a rich creamy sauce.
Ree even serves it with bread for sopping up any sauce thats left on your plate.
Get the Recipe Spinach Artichoke Chicken Linguini with Clam Sauce Raid the pantry and get Rachaels star meal on the table in only  minutes.
Get the Recipe Linguini with Clam Sauce Turkey Pad Thai Prep cook and serve this hearty Thai noodle stirfry filled with sweet and salty notes in only  minutes.
Get the Recipe Turkey Pad Thai HerbandMustard Sirloin with Baked Potatoes This minute steak and potato dinner is going to be a standby in your weeknight repertoire.
Get the Recipe HerbandMustard Sirloin With Baked Potatoes Shrimp StirFry Shrimp is a weeknight timesaver that belongs in everyones arsenal.
Ree uses it in this veggiefilled stirfry perfect for those nights when you dont have a minute to spare.
Get the Recipe Shrimp StirFry Carbonara Fried Rice The rich flavor of a carbonara combined with the crispy crunchy texture of fried rice.
Need we say more Get the Recipe Carbonara Fried Rice NoPain Lo Mein Making Chinese food at home is easy.
Skip delivery and stirfry vegetables like peppers mushrooms and scallions then toss them with cooked noodles coated in soy sauce and sesame oil.
Get the Recipe NoPain Lo Mein Cauliflower Fried Rice with Curried Shrimp Try mixing white rice with riced vegetables like we did for this dish.
Its an easy way to get extra nutrients Get the Recipe Cauliflower Fried Rice with Curried Shrimp Penne alla Vodka Creamy and comforting penne alla vodka is an impressive dish to serve up when youre entertaining but its also perfectly appropriate for a weeknight.
Go ahead and treat yourself Get the Recipe Penne alla Vodka Sesame Noodle Salad When you need a quickandeasy meatless meal noodles and edemame are the answer.
Theyre paired with bright crunchy veggies and a savory tahini sauce for a delicious bowl in just  minutes.
Get the Recipe Sesame Noodle Salad Lamb or Beef Shakshuka A mixture of spices jalapeno and chipotle spice up this lamb or beef shakshuka.
This tomato and egg dish is so hearty and savory you will want breakfast for every meal.
Get the Recipe Lamb or Beef Shakshuka Ravioli with Chicken Sausage and Kale Refrigerated ravioli are a staple for making dinner fast as they cook quickly and come in many varieties.
The mild creamy mozzarella ravioli in this recipe goes well with the baby kale tomatoes and chicken sausage but feel free to experiment with other flavors too.
Get the Recipe Ravioli with Chicken Sausage and Kale Chicken Flautas Pick up a rotisserie chicken and get dinner on the table quicker than itd take you to call in an order from your favorite Mexican restaurant.
And dont forget the avocado cream Get the Recipe Chicken Flautas Soba Noodles with Salmon When you want an easy dinner that tastes like it came from your favorite Japanese restaurant look no further than quickcooking salmon.
Sauteed in a mirinbased sauce with bell peppers the fish is ready for its noodle bed in minutes.
Get the Recipe Soba and Salmon Soup Linguine with Shrimp Scampi Inas buttery shrimp linguine is just what you need when you want a fast but elegant dish.
Cooking the pasta and the sauce together for the last few minutes is her trick to getting the pasta to really absorb the fresh flavor.
Get the Recipe Linguine with Shrimp Scampi OklahomaStyle Smack Burgers with RanchFlavored Tater Tots Why go out when you can have a great burger at home in  minutes or less Smashing slices of Vidalia onions into burger patties makes them juicy and delicious while the simple sauce makes them the best version of your favorite fastfood burger.
Get the Recipe OklahomaStyle Smack Burgers with RanchFlavored Tater Tots Taco Shells and Cheese Chili powder cumin paprika onion and garlic Ree packs all the flavor of TexMex taco seasoning into these creamy cheesy shells.
Best of all she tops it off with salsa and a dollop of sour cream Get the Recipe Taco Shells and Cheese Fusilli with Spinach and Asiago Cheese Giada De Laurentiis boils pasta until tender but still firm to the bite as it will then be tossed with tomatoes and cooked spinach the end result will be perfectly cooked noodles.
Get the Recipe Fusilli with Spinach and Asiago Cheese Grilled Fish Tacos with Lime Slaw Fish is one of our goto proteins when we need a timesaving dinner.
It cooks up quick and can be used in so many different dishes.
Here were grilling it and wrapping it in corn tortillas along with all the fixings for delicious minute tacos.
Get the Recipe Grilled Fish Tacos with Lime Slaw Chicken Cordon Bleu Sandwiches This cheesy broiled sandwich is hearty enough to serve as a simple dinner.
Get the Recipe Chicken Cordon Bleu Sandwiches Creamy Garlicky Shrimp Skillet This superquick and indulgent weeknight dinner takes a slight left turn from the standard fettuccine Alfredo.
Red peppers and paprika turn the expected into spectacular.
Get the Recipe Creamy Garlicky Shrimp Skillet KoreanInspired Sloppy Joes and Quick Pickles Ground pork and beef are mixed with new ingredients like pears sesame oil and gochujang to create this quick easy Koreaninspired take on the old favorite sloppy joe.
Get the Recipe KoreanInspired Sloppy Joes and Quick Pickles EggandBean Dinner Salad A salad can certainly be satisfying dinner especially when it comes filled with proteinpacked hardboiled eggs and hearty cannellini beans.
The fresh mix of greens in this allinone meal will not disappoint.
Get the Recipe EggandBean Dinner Salad Beef Stew with Spinach Pitas This Moroccanspiced stew filled with ground beef fireroasted tomatoes and chickpeas will taste like it simmered for hours.
Serve it with spinachandcheesestuffed pitas for a hearty dinner in a flash.
Get the Recipe Beef Stew with Spinach Pitas Penne with Butternut Squash Buy diced peeled butternut squash to cut down on prep time for this pasta thats even heartier when made with wholewheat or multigrain penne.
Get the Recipe Penne with Butternut Squash Macaroni and Cheddar Cheese Nutmeg and cayenne are the secret ingredients to Rachael Rays decadent macaroni and cheese.
Top the casserole dish with more cheese then bake until bubbling and slightly browned.
Get the Recipe Macaroni and Cheddar Cheese Cold Peanut Soba Noodles with Chicken Youre more than willing to give peanut butter a spot at your lunch table nows the time to invite it to dinner.
Stir it together rice vinegar soy sauce ginger sesame oil and chili sauce to create a creamy sweetsalty sauce just right for coating soba noodles.
Get the Recipe Cold Peanut Soba With Chicken Trendy Fried Chicken with Kimchi Slaw Shake up your fried chicken game with this Koreaninspired batter and slaw.
Vodka and cornstarch in the batter are the secret to light and crispy skin and kimchi and gochujang add a new kick to a traditional cabbage slaw.
Get the Recipe Trendy Fried Chicken with Kimchi Slaw Nacho Chicken Cutlets Get all the tortilla chips and shredded cheese you love about nachos in dinner form.
Seasoned chicken and chopped romaine lettuce help transform the starter into a complete meal.
Get the Recipe Nacho Chicken Cutlets Butternut Squash Noodles with Prosciutto and Sage With the help of a spiralizer butternut squash becomes the noodles in this sweetandsavory satisfying dish thats impressive enough for a dinner party but easy enough for a weeknight meal.
Get the Recipe Butternut Squash Noodles with Prosciutto and Sage Pepperoni Fried Rice Why order takeout when homemade is so simple to make Rees fun take on fried rice is ready in a flash — and uses ingredients that you probably already have on hand like pepperoni bell pepper and jarred pizza sauce.
Get the Recipe Pepperoni Fried Rice Pappardelle with Snap Peas Toss pappardelle pasta with sweet snap peas and a little ricotta salata for a simple satisfying meal in about  minutes.
Get the Recipe Pappardelle With Snap Peas Linguine with Shrimp and Tomatoes Linguine simply flavored with olive oil and garlic is an easy and comforting meal on its own tossed with a chunky tomato sauce and sauteed shrimp it becomes a minute winner.
Get the Recipe Linguine with Shrimp and Tomatoes Chilaquiles Breakfastfordinner doesnt have to mean pancakes and scrambled eggs.
This hearty savory dish will make you want breakfast for every meal.
A rich red chile sauce with guajillo peppers gives the chilaquiles their kick.
Get the Recipe Chilaquiles Chipotle Meatball Burritos These yummy burritos are packed full of flavor to give you a weeknight dinner unlike any other.
Each one has beefy meatballs savory refried beans fluffy brown rice melty Colby Jack cheese creamy avocado and spicy salsa.
And if youre really pressed for time you can even make the meatballs the night before Talk about a win Get the Recipe Chipotle Meatball Burritos Italian Meatball Skewers This dish which will remind you of classic Italian sausage and peppers comes together quickly thanks to the use of frozen premade meatballs.
Get the Recipe Italian Meatball Skewers Pita Pizzas Dont worry about having to wait for the dough to rise.
Pitas make pizza night come together in  quick minutes.
Give the toppings a grownup touch with a tomatoolive mixture baby arugula and ricotta and mozzarella cheeses.
Get the Recipe Pita Pizzas ChickenandCheese Enchiladas Pick up a rotisserie chicken and youll be well on your way to minute enchiladas the whole family will love.
Seriously who can resist this much cheesy goodness Get the Recipe ChickenandCheese Enchiladas Chicken Fajita Pasta Creamy and packed with peppers and onions the whole meal can be made in just  minutes.
A tortilla chip topping adds some surprising and welcome crunch.
Get the Recipe Chicken Fajita Pasta Pasta with Vodka Sauce and Shrimp It pays to perfect the classics.
Pasta with vodka sauce is an easy dish that is both simple and sumptuous.
Adding quick shrimp scampi elevates it to a hearty minute meal.
Get the Recipe Pasta with Vodka Sauce and Shrimp Tuna Bagel Nicoise You know how easy it is to turn a can of tuna into a great lunch so why not use the trusty standby to make dinner Pile it onto a bagel and top with veggies herbs and sliced hardboiled eggs youll wonder why youve never done this before.
Get the Recipe Tuna Bagel Nicoise Asian Chicken Salad with Peanut Dressing Freshsqueezed orange juice brightens up the peanut butterbased dressing atop this salad.
Shredded rotisserie chicken and edamame add to its filling power and chow mein noodles provide a nice crunchy texture.
Get the Recipe Asian Chicken Salad with Peanut Dressing Deviled Chicken Francese This savory dish gets its devilish flavor from a mixture of spicy Calabrian chili paste tangy Dijon mustard and sharp Pecorino Romano cheese.
Get the Recipe Deviled Chicken Francese Greek Frittata with DillFeta Salad Frittatas are terrific for breakfast and brunch yes but theyre also fantastic for dinner.
This one is filled with olives tomatoes and feta cheese for a Greek take on the early morning favorite.
Get the Recipe Greek Frittata with DillFeta Salad Turkey Sausage Tacos Diced mango gives a sweet touch to these turkey tacos that get kick from ancho chile powder.
Get the Recipe Turkey Sausage Tacos ParmesanCrusted Chicken Breasts with Veggies Rachaels colorful meal is complete with protein vegetables and a starch.
While the potatoes and veggies roast in the oven prepare a cheesecoated chicken breast and everything will be ready to plate at the same time.
Get the Recipe Parmesan Crusted Chicken Breasts with Tomato and Basil and Potatoes with Peppers and Onions Penne with Eggplant Sauce Make a chunky sauce of Japanese eggplants and crushed plum tomatoes for this pasta.
A dollop of ricotta cheese on top is the perfect finishing touch.
Get the Recipe Penne with Eggplant Sauce Everything Salmon Fillets and Cream Cheese Potatoes Bring your love of everything bagels to the dinner table with this minute meal.
Salmon fillets get a flavor boost from everything bagel seasoning and theyre perfect served alongside cheesy mashed potatoes.
Get the Recipe Everything Salmon Fillets and Cream Cheese Potatoes Mexican Tortilla Pizzas with Chorizo You can serve up mouthwatering Mexican pizzas any night of the week thanks to flour tortillas.
Crisp them up in the oven then top with fresh chorizo refried beans and cheese.
When the cheese is warm and melty the pizzas are ready for their cool finishing touches think lettuce lime juice avocado and Mexican crema.
Get the Recipe Tortilla Pizzas with Chorizo Spicy Tofu and Vegetable Lo Mein Fresh ginger adds great flavor — and its a potent antioxidant and antiinflammatory agent.
This is one meal you can get on the table quickly and feel good about serving to your family.
Get the Recipe Spicy Tofu and Vegetable Lo Mein Chicken Tostadas Storebought tostadas and a rotisserie chicken help this meal come together in  short minutes.
Layering on the flavors is easy enough that you can even enlist the kids Get the Recipe Chicken Tostadas Chicken Summer Rolls These crunchy Vietnamesestyle rolls are healthy and light and the addition of rice makes them a filling dinner option.
Theyre glutenfree but anyone — even kids — will love them.
Get the Recipe Chicken Summer Rolls Minute Spicy Pork and Sweet Potato Stew Spicy smoky chipotle chiles and chili powder add longcooked flavor to this quick pork stew.
To save time only the pork is browned in oil while the onions get pureed with tomatoes garlic and the chile to make the broth.
Get the Recipe Minute Spicy Pork and Sweet Potato Stew Mushroom Quesadillas with Succotash Bulk up your typical weeknight fallback — quesadillas — with buttery mushrooms and a thinly sliced red onion.
Frozen corn and lima beans make for a quick side to round out this familyfriendly meal.
Get the Recipe Mushroom Quesadillas with Succotash Next Up Our  Best Ground Beef Recipes  Photos  Healthy Dinners That Are Ready in  Minutes or Less  Photos Weeknight Dinners in  Minutes or Less  Photos The  EasiestEver Thanksgiving Dinner Recipes  Photos  Fall Weeknight Dinners That Are Full of Flavor  Photos Ingredient Sides  Photos Weeknight Dinners in  Minutes  Photos  ImpressiveYetFoolproof Dinner Party Mains  Photos Easy Ingredient Appetizers  Photos Easy Appetizer Recipes  Photos We Recommend All  Recipes from Rachael Rays  Minute Meals  Photos Easy Pork Dinner Recipes  Photos Shortcut Dinner Recipes  Photos Instant Pot Recipes Thatll Help You Survive the Holidays Twice As Nice Breakfast for Dinner Recipes  Photos  Shrimp Pasta Recipes for Easy Weeknight Dinners  Photos to include this file in an jsp use the following cqinclude script"brightEdge.html" If need to hardcode pagePath use this pagePathoutdoorsoutdoorremodelpatiogazeboscountry beixf sdk gho Related Pages  Easy Summer Weeknight Dinner Recipes  Best Ground Beef Recipes  Best Valentines Day Dinner Recipes  Ideas  Fall Dinner Recipes  Fathers Day Dinner Recipes Classic Shrimp Scampi Recipe Site Map Visitor Agreement AdChoices Privacy Notice About Newsroom Advertise Help TV Ratings Online Closed Captioning California Privacy Notice Accessibility Newsletters Discovery Inc. Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information International Editions United States Asia Brazil Canada Europe Middle East  Africa United Kingdom Latin America The Discovery Family of Networks HGTV Food.com Travel Channel TLC.com Discovery.com Cooking Channel    Warner Bros.
Discovery Inc. or its subsidiaries and affiliates.
All rights reserved.
Pinterest Facebook Twitter Email OneTrust Cookies Consent Notice start OneTrust Cookies Consent Notice end
