jump to content my subreddits edit subscriptions popular  all  random  users    AskReddit  funny  worldnews  gaming  pics  movies  videos  explainlikeimfive  news  todayilearned  OldSchoolCool  mildlyinteresting  books  LifeProTips  aww  TwoXChromosomes  Jokes  dataisbeautiful  science  nottheonion  Music  IAmA  tifu  UpliftingNews  Showerthoughts  photoshopbattles  askscience  Futurology  gifs  space  food  gadgets  Art  DIY  nosleep  Documentaries  GetMotivated  history  WritingPrompts  InternetIsBeautiful  philosophy  sports  EarthPorn  creepy  announcements  listentothis  blog more »   recipes comments Want to join  Log in  or  sign up  in seconds.
English limit my search to rrecipes use the following search parameters to narrow your results subreddit subreddit find submissions in "subreddit" author username find submissions by "username" site example.com find submissions from "example.com" url text search for "text" in url selftext text search for "text" in self post contents selfyes or selfno include or exclude self posts nsfwyes or nsfwno include or exclude results marked as NSFW e.g.
subredditaww siteimgur.com dog see the search faq for details.
advanced search by author subreddit... this post was submitted on    Apr     points  % upvoted shortlink   remember me reset password login Submit your image and formatted recipe Get an adfree experience with special benefits and directly support Reddit.
get reddit premium recipes join leave    readers    users here now Share your cooking repertoire with our community Filters Dessert Beef Pasta Pork Poultry Seafood Vegetarian Discussion Drink Budget Question Picture Remove Filters Rules All recipes must be formatted properly.
youll get an orangered on comments.
All posts require mod approval and are auto removed until so  How to submit a well formatted recipe can be found  here ...  OR SEE THIS EXAMPLE HERE ... or try these tips   One hyper link per recipe .
All posts must have a formatted text recipe.
BlogYTIGTweeter links can only be in the formatted text recipes and users must follow site wide self promotion guidelines of posting .
Url shorteners bit.ly and amazon links are not allowed.
One link per post.
Deletes and reposts without mod direction will result in account removal.
No food porn.
No polls.
No excessive self promotion without engagement.
Link post must contain the formatted recipe in the comments.
We only allow direct post links from imgur.com and i.reddituploads.com.
VIDEO POSTS ARE NOT ALLOWED.
Self posts may contain links but the recipe must be formatted and approved.
a.
We enforce reddiquette as a rule.
Be constructive if you criticize or do not comment with hateful rude political or otherwise unnecessary comments to troll.
We do not allow hate spite bigotry racism or otherwise mean users here.
No warnings instant ban Recipe titles should be clear and concise.
HOW TO SUBMIT A POST Submit your image link.
It will be auto filtered.
Type up a formatted text recipe in the comments.
Copy the url of your new post and send a modmail with the url pasted link in the modmail.
We will review the post.
We will coach and approve or remove the post at our discretion.
Related Subreddits Food Cooking Sandwiches Budget Food Whats In My Cupboard SlowCooking Tonights Dinner MimicRecipes a community for   years MODERATORS message the mods discussions in  rrecipes   X    ·   comments   Keema Curry    ·   comments   Roasted cauliflower with mashed potatoes and beetroots    ·   comments    Minute Smoked Salmon Toast with Eggs Herbs and Pea Puree    ·   comments   MisoGlazed Asparagus and Pearl Onions    ·   comments   Duck Dumplings    ·   comments   Spanakorizo Greek Spinach Rice Recipe With Shrimp    ·   comments   Almond Flour Blueberry Muffins    ·   comments   Mutton Pulao    ·   comments   A salmon fillet with a Mediterranean kick    ·   comments   Highly addictive Moroccan almond cigars Welcome to Reddit the front page of the internet.
Become a Redditor and join one of thousands of communities.
×    Brown Sugar Ham Glaze OC Recipe    i.redd.it  submitted   days ago  by  pangibear  comments share save hide report loading... all  comments sorted by  best top new controversial old random qa live beta Want to add to the discussion Post a comment Create an account – pangibear  S     points  points  points    days ago    children Brown Sugar Ham Glaze For full recipe tips  tricks visit  httpsmaplewoodroad.combrownsugarhamglaze INGREDIENTS  pound precooked ham approximate weight  tablespoons salted butter  cup light brown sugar packed ¼ cup honey  tablespoon brown mustard ½ cup pineapple juice ¼ cup apple juice ¼ teaspoon cinnamon ¼ teaspoon ground cloves INSTRUCTIONS Preheat oven to °F.
Unwrap the ham and place it in a large baking dish.
I also decided to pour all the juices from the bag in the dish to help keep it juicy.
If you have a spiralcut ham theres nothing else to do.
Otherwise make ¼″ deep cuts in a diamond pattern all over the ham surface this will allow the juices from the brown sugar ham glaze to drip down inside later.
Place in the oven and bake.
A ham will take about  to ½ hours to cook through.
After  hour check the temperature by inserting a meat thermometer in the thickest part being careful not to touch the bone.
The ham is ready when the internal temperature has reached °F.
At about the hour mark start making the brown sugar ham glaze.
Melt butter in a small pan over medium heat.
Once the butter has melted add all the other ingredients and whisk together.
Bring to a simmer whisking occasionally and cook for about  minutes.
Immediately remove from heat and let cool for  to  minutes.
Check the internal temperature of your ham the ham is finished cooking when it has reached °F.
When its getting close to that point but has about a half hour left baste half of the brown sugar ham glaze onto the ham.
Fifteen minutes later brush on the remaining ham glaze and let the ham finish cooking until it has reached °F.
Serve and enjoy permalink embed save report give award reply – rockyroad    points  points  points    days ago    children Looks delicious  really like how thin the slices are.
permalink embed save report give award reply – whippeddesserts    points  points  points    days ago    child Seems easy to make and sounds amazing permalink embed save report give award reply – pangibear  S     points  point  points    days ago    children Thanks 😊 permalink embed save parent report give award reply – KD    point  points  points    days ago    children Sweet Jesus that looks sooo good.
Ive just had dinner Im not remotely hungry and I still want a slice.
permalink embed save report give award reply – onelass    points  points  points    days ago    children You really like posting that ham right permalink embed save report give award reply – Bronqiaa    points  points  points    days ago    children Everything reminds me of her….. permalink embed save report give award reply – OpeningSituation    points  point  points    days ago    children Looks really good.
it must have been delicious.
permalink embed save report give award reply – FredAndrews    points  point  points    days ago    children Looks yummmmmm permalink embed save report give award reply – feastinfun    points  point  points    day ago    children Looks amazing.
I can taste it by the looks.
Easy recipe indeed.
I guess this ham will taste great in a sandwich too permalink embed save report give award reply about blog about advertising careers help site rules Reddit help center reddiquette mod guidelines contact us apps  tools Reddit for iPhone Reddit for Android mobile website  reddit premium reddit coins Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our  User Agreement  and  Privacy Policy .
reddit inc. All rights reserved.
REDDIT and the ALIEN Logo are registered trademarks of reddit inc.
Advertise  lifestyles π   Rendered by PID  on  redditservicerarmtestddjhvn  at  .
running unknown country code US.
